#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 29.02 23:01 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 18739 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                            # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Allium
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carrot
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Daisy
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dandelion
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Orchid
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Poppy
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Potato
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Mushroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sugarcane
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Orange Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pink Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK White Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crop Sticks
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Water Pad
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Water Pad
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Apple Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ash Stone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.bones.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crag Rock
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dried Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flesh
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Flowering Vines
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gravestone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Ice
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Sand
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ivy
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Long Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Moss
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.mud.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.petals.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.plants.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Poison
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tree Moss
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turnip
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Willow
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wisteria
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Combustion Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Conduit Connector
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Enchanter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ender IO
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ender Rail
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Skull
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Farming Station
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fire Water
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hootch
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ingot Storage
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Panel
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Killer Joe
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Painted Carpet
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Painted Fence
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Painted Gate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Slab
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stairs
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Wall
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Painting Machine
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Power Monitor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Powered Spawner
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reservoir
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK SAG Mill
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Soul Binder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stirling Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Tank
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Telepad Block
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Travel Anchor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK The Vat
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Charger
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Zombie Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Angel Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chandelier
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mini-Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cursed Earth
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Marker
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ender Collector
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ender Quarry
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK TNT Generator
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magnum Torch
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Peaceful Table
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iron Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Golden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Clock
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Trading Post
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can
fe.protection.break.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pottery Table
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Compost Bin
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Garden Proxy
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Garden Soil
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Small Fire
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Heavy Chain
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Garden Lantern
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lattice
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lattice
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Light Chain
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Candelilla
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Strange Plant
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Post
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Post Fence
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fence with Rope
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rope
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Silken Nectar
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Apple Leaves
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bee Hive
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Brew Kettle
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Culture Jar
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Press
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Press
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fish Trap
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Common Grapes
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grape Leaves
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grape Trunk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grape Trunk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ambrosia
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Port Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Common Hops
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rice Paddy
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Paddy Rice
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Divine Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.JABBA.barrel.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Better Barrel
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Road
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK BioFuel
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK RedNet Cable
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK DetCord
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fertile Soil
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Meat
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Essence
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pink Slime
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Plastic
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Wood
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sewage
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sludge
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Tank
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Auto Anvil
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Big Button
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block Placer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Item Cannon
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glass Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Donation Station
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Drawing Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fan
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Flag
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Golden Egg
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grave
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Healer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Item Dropper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Paint Can
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Paint Mixer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Path
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Height Map Projector
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rope Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Block
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Target
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Trophy
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Village Highlighter
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK XP Bottler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK XP Drain
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK XP Shower
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.cube.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.detector.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.frame.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.ore.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Residual Heat
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.signal.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.slab.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.stair.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Imbuing Station
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Notification Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Online Detector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Block
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Glass
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Lever
fe.protection.break.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.break.SimpleLabels.label.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Deep Storage Label
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel I
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel II
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel III
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar4.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel IV
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar5.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel V
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar6.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel VI
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Glass
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Resonant Ender
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Primal Mana
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.fluid.petrotheum.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.break.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Grid
fe.protection.break.Translocator.translocator.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Connector
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                              # (default: true) BREAK 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crank
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Frame
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                           # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.armourLibrary.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.armourersworkshop:armourLibrary.name
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.armourerBrain.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Armourer
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.awBoundingBox3.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.armourersworkshop:armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox3.name
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourMixer.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Colour Mixer
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourable.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Equipment Cube
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glass Equipment Cube
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlassGlowing.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Glass Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlowing.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.doll.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Doll
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.dyeTable.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dye Table
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.mannequin.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mannequin
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.miniArmourer.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mini Armourer - (WIP)
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnable.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Skinnable Block
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.skinningTable.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Skinning Table
fe.protection.break.autopackager.packagerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.packagerBlock.name
fe.protection.break.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.break.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.auto_project_table.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Auto Project Table
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Paver
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Tile
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.bluepower.buffer.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Buffer
fe.protection.break.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Circuit Database
fe.protection.break.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Circuit Table
fe.protection.break.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Copper Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Copper Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.break.bluepower.deployer.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Deployer
fe.protection.break.bluepower.ejector.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ejector
fe.protection.break.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.filter.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Filter
fe.protection.break.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flax
fe.protection.break.bluepower.igniter.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Igniter
fe.protection.break.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Indigo Flower
fe.protection.break.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Item Detector
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK RGB Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Black Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Brown Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Green Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Inverted RGB Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lime Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Orange Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pink Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Purple Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampred.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Red Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK White Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.manager.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Manager
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Paver
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Tile
fe.protection.break.bluepower.project_table.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Project Table
fe.protection.break.bluepower.regulator.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Regulator
fe.protection.break.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.break.bluepower.relay.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Relay
fe.protection.break.bluepower.retriever.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Retriever
fe.protection.break.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Silver Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Silver Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sorting Machine
fe.protection.break.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Teslatite Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.tiles.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.break.bluepower.transposer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Transposer
fe.protection.break.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Zinc Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Zinc Ore
fe.protection.break.camping.boundsHelper.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bounds Helper Block
fe.protection.break.camping.campfire.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Decorative Campfire
fe.protection.break.camping.campfireCook.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cooking Campfire
fe.protection.break.camping.hemp.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Hemp
fe.protection.break.camping.lantern.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.lantern.name
fe.protection.break.camping.light.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.light.name
fe.protection.break.camping.logSeat.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Log Seat
fe.protection.break.camping.sleepingBag.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.sleepingBag.name
fe.protection.break.camping.tent.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tent
fe.protection.break.camping.trap.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.catwalkmod.cagedLadder.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalkmod.scaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_tape.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_tape.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_lit.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_lit_tape.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_unlit.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_tape.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.scaffold.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Scaffold
fe.protection.break.catwalks.sturdy_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sturdy Rail
fe.protection.break.catwalks.sturdy_rail_activator.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sturdy Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.catwalks.sturdy_rail_detector.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sturdy Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.catwalks.sturdy_rail_powered.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sturdy Powered Rail
fe.protection.break.catwalks.support_column.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Support Column
fe.protection.break.cfm.barstool.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.basin.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.basin.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bath1.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bath2.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bin.*                                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.bin.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.birdbath.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.blender.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blender.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.blindoff.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.blindon.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.chairstone.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.chairwood.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.choppingboard.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.computer.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.computer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.couch.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.couch.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.counterdoored.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.countersink.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cup.*                                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.cup.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.curtainon.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.doorbell.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.electricfence.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.firealarmon.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.freezer.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.fridge.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.hedge.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.hey.*                                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.hey.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.lampoff.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.lampon.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.mailbox.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.microwave.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Microwave
fe.protection.break.cfm.nyan.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.oven.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oven.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.pattern.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.plate.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.plate.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.present.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.present.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.printer.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.printer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showerbottom.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showerheadon.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showertop.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.stereo.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.stonepath.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tablestone.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tablewood.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tap.*                                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tap.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.toaster.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.toilet.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tree.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tree.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tv.*                                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tv.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.washingmachine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.whitefence.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Anti Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.beacon.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Brick Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Floor Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.copperblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Futura Circuit
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass2.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold2.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold_block.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Gold Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.grimstone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grimstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.holystone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Holystone
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron2.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_block.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.leadblock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.leaves.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nation.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.present.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Present
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Purpur
fe.protection.break.chisel.rebel.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Rebellious Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.road_line.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Road Lines
fe.protection.break.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.silverblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.steelblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical3.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical4.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templeblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tinblock.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch1.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch10.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch2.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch3.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch4.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch5.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch6.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch7.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch8.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch9.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Valentines Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.warningSign.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Warning Sign
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Woolen Clay
fe.protection.break.denseores.block0.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.block1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.break.dungeonmobs.LavaRock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Magma Rock
fe.protection.break.dungeonmobs.bladetrap.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blade Trap
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockAfarm.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK AgriCraft Farming Station
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockBrine1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Brine
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockBrine2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Medium Brine
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockBrine3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Heavy Brine
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockBrine4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Solid Brine
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockChassis.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockChassis.name
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockCobbleworks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Framework
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockDrain.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Powered Drain
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockDummy.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDummy.name
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockFlag.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magnetic Flag
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockIHopper.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockMagCharger.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Magnetic Charger
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockMilk.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockNiard.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Niard
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockPMon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockTcom.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Loot Recycler
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockVoidTank.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Portal Tank
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockWaterworks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Water Extraction Framework
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.rlever10.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Self-reseting lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.rlever30.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Self-reseting lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.rlever300.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Self-reseting lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.rlever60.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Self-reseting lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.break.eplus.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.eplus.arcane_inscriber.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Inscriber
fe.protection.break.eplus.enchantment_book.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Book
fe.protection.break.extracells.certustank.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.break.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.break.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.extracells.walrus.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Walrus
fe.protection.break.fairylights.fairy_lights_fastener.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fairy_lights_fastener.name
fe.protection.break.fairylights.fairy_lights_fence.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fairy_lights_fence.name
fe.protection.break.fluxedCrystals.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.fluxedcrystals.crystal.name
fe.protection.break.fluxedCrystals.gemCutter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gem Cutter
fe.protection.break.fluxedCrystals.gemRefiner.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Gem Refiner
fe.protection.break.fluxedCrystals.poweredSoil.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Powered Soil
fe.protection.break.fluxedCrystals.poweredSoilMana.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Powered Mana Soil
fe.protection.break.fluxedCrystals.seedInfuser.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Seed Infuser
fe.protection.break.fossil.amberOre.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Amber Ore
fe.protection.break.fossil.analyzer.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Analyzer
fe.protection.break.fossil.analyzerActive.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.analyzerActive.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientChest.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Glass
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStoneSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancientStoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStoneSlabDouble.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancientStoneSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStoneStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStonebrick.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWood.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Wood
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodPillar.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Wood Pillar
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodPlate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Wooden Plate
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancientWoodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodSlabDouble.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancientWoodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Wooden Stairs
fe.protection.break.fossil.anu_block.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Anu Statue
fe.protection.break.fossil.anu_portal.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.anu_portal.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.anubiteStatue.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Anubite Statue
fe.protection.break.fossil.bennettitales_large.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tall Bennettitales
fe.protection.break.fossil.bennettitales_small.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bennettitales
fe.protection.break.fossil.cultureVat.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Culture Vat
fe.protection.break.fossil.cultureVatActive.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.cultureVatActive.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.denseSand.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dense Sand
fe.protection.break.fossil.feederActive.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Feeder
fe.protection.break.fossil.feederIdle.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Feeder
fe.protection.break.fossil.fernBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Fern
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossil.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fossil
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossil_drum.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Drum
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossilfigurine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Figurine
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossilvaseAmphora.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.vaseAmphora.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossilvaseKylix.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.vaseKylix.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossilvaseVolute.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.vaseVolute.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossilworkbench.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.break.fossil.homePortal.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Overworld Portal
fe.protection.break.fossil.horsetail_large.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tall Horsetail
fe.protection.break.fossil.horsetail_small.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Horsetail
fe.protection.break.fossil.icedStone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iced Stone
fe.protection.break.fossil.mutantPlant.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Failure Plant
fe.protection.break.fossil.obsidianSpikes.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Spikes
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Leaves
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheLog.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Log
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeoraphePlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Planks
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.palaeorapheSlab.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheSlabDouble.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Stairs
fe.protection.break.fossil.paleopanax.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Foozia
fe.protection.break.fossil.permafrost.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Permafrost
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_cephalotaxus.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cephalotaxus
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_dillhoffia.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dillhoffia
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_licopodiophyta.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lycopodiophyta
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_sarracina.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sarracenia 
fe.protection.break.fossil.sarcophagus.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mysterious Sarcophagus
fe.protection.break.fossil.sifter.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sifter
fe.protection.break.fossil.sifterActive.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.sifterActive.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.skullBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Skull
fe.protection.break.fossil.skullLantern.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Skull Lantern
fe.protection.break.fossil.slimeTrail.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Failuresaurus Trail
fe.protection.break.fossil.strongGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.break.fossil.tar.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tar
fe.protection.break.fossil.timeMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Time Machine
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicAsh.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Ash
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Brick
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicRock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.volcanicSlab.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicSlabDouble.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.volcanicSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicStairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Stairs
fe.protection.break.fossil.welwitschia.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Welwitschia
fe.protection.break.fossil.workbenchActive.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.workbenchActive.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.zamites.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Zamites
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Item Robin
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME Transformer
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block Mixer
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Carriage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Black Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blue Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Brown Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Gray Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Green Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lime Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Orange Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pink Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Purple Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Red Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK SilverCurtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK White Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Door Factory
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Factory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Forcefield
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Garage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jail Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Medieval Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mixed Block
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.null.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Player Sensor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Saloon Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Shoji Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.byzantine_brick.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_building.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_building.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_cropMaize.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_cropMaize.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_cropRice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_cropRice.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_cropTurmeric.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_cropTurmeric.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_cropVine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_cropVine.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_earth_deco.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_earth_deco.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_panel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_panel.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_panes.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_panes.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_path.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_path.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_path_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_path_slab.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_stone_deco.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_stone_deco.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_wood_deco.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_wood_deco.name
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ac.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Actinium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ag.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Silver
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Al.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Aluminium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Am.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Americium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ar.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Argon
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.As.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Arsenic
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.At.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Astatine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Au.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Gold
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.B.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Boron
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ba.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Barium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Be.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Beryllium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Bh.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bohrium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Bi.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bismuth
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Bk.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Berkelium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Br.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bromine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.C.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Carbon
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ca.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Calcium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Cd.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cadmium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ce.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cerium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Cf.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Californium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Cl.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chlorine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Cm.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Curium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Cn.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Copernicium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Co.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cobalt
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Cr.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chromium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Cs.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Caesium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Cu.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Copper
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Db.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dubnium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ds.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Darmstadtium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Dy.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dysprosium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Er.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Erbium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Es.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Einsteinium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Eu.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Europium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.F.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fluorine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Fe.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Iron
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Fm.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fermium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Fr.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Francium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ga.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Gallium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Gd.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Gadolinium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ge.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Germanium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.H.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Hydrogen
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.He.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Helium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Hf.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hafnium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Hg.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mercury
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ho.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Holmium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Hs.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hassium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.I.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Iodine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.In.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Indium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ir.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Iridium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.K.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Potassium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Kr.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Krypton
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.La.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lanthanum
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Li.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lithium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Lr.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lawrencium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Lu.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lutetium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Md.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mendelevium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Mg.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Magnesium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Mn.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Manganese
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Mo.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molybdenum
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Mt.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Meitnerium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.N.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Nitrogen
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Na.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sodium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Nb.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Niobium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Nd.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Neodymium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ne.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Neon
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ni.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Nickel
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.No.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Nobelium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Np.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Neptunium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.O.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Os.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Osmium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.P.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Phosphorus
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Pa.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Protactinium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Pb.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lead
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Pd.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Palladium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Pm.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Promethium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Po.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Polonium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Pr.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Praseodymium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Pt.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Platinum
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Pu.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Plutonium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ra.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Radium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Rb.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rubidium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Re.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rhenium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Rf.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rutherfordium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Rg.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Roentgenium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Rh.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rhodium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Rn.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Radon
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ru.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ruthenium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.S.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sulfur
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Sb.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Antimony
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Sc.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Scandium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Se.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Selenium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Sg.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Seaborgium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Si.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Silicon
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Sm.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Samarium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Sn.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Sr.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Strontium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ta.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tantalum
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Tb.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Terbium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Tc.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Technetium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Te.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tellurium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Th.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thorium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Ti.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Titanium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Tl.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thallium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Tm.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thulium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.U.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Uranium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Uut.name.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ununtrium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.V.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Vanadium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.W.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Xe.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Xenon
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Y.name.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Yttrium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Yb.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ytterbium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Zn.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Zinc
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.element.Zr.name.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Zirconium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.aalc.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Allyl Alcohol
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.acetate.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Acetate (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.alinine.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Alanine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.almadine.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Almandine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumHypophosphite.name.*                        # (default: true) BREAK fluid.molecule.aluminiumHypophosphite.name
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Aluminium Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumPhosphate.name.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Aluminium Phosphate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.ammonia.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ammonia
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.ammonium.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ammonium (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.amphetamine.name.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Amphetamine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.arginine.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arginine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.arsenicOxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arsenic Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.asbestos.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Asbestos
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.asparagine.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Asparagine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.asparticAcid.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Aspartic Acid
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.asprin.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Aspirin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.augite.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Augite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.beryl.name.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Beryl
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.biotite.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Biotite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.blackPigment.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carbon Black
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.blueorgodye.name.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Guaiazulene
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.buli.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tert-Butyllithium
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.butene.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Butene
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.calcicPyroxene.name.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Calcic Pyroxene
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.calciumCarbonate.name.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Calcium Carbonate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.calciumOxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Calcium Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.carbonDioxide.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Carbon Dioxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.carbonate.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carbonate (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.caulerpenyne.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Caulerpenyne
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.cellulose.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cellulose
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.cesiumHydroxide.name.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Cesium Hydroxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.chromate.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Chromate (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.chromite.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Chromite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.cocaine.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cocaine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.cocainehcl.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cocaine Hydrochloride
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.cucurbitacin.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cucurbitacin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.cyanide.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Potassium Cyanide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.cysteine.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cysteine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.ddt.name.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK DDT
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.dimethyltryptamine.name.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Dimethyltryptamine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.dota.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK DOTA
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.ethanol.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ethyl Alcohol
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.fibroin.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fibroin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.fingolimod.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fingolimod
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.forsterite.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Forsterite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.franciumHydroxide.name.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Francium Hydroxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.fullrene.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carbon Nanotubes
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.gallicacid.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gallic Acid
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.galliumOxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Gallium Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.galliumarsenide.name.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Gallium Arsenide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.glucose.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glucose
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.glutamates.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glutamic Acid
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.glutamine.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glutamine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.glycine.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glycine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.glyphosate.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glyphosate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.greenPigment.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Zinc Green
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.hcl.name.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hydrogen Chloride
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.hist.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Diphenhydramine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.histidine.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Histidine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.hperox.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hydrogen Peroxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydrogenSulfide.name.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Hydrogen Sulfide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydronium.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hydronium (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydroxide.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hydroxide (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydroxylapatite.name.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Hydroxylapatite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.hypophosphite.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hypophosphite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.iron3oxide.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Iron (III) Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.ironOxide.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Iron Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.isoleucine.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Isoleucine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.isoprene.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Isoprene
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.kaolinite.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Kaolinite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.keratin.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Keratin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.latropine.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hyoscyamine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.lazurite.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lazurite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.lcd.name.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cholesteryl Benzoate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.leucine.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Leucine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.lightbluePigment.name.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Copper(II) Sulfate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.limePigment.name.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Nickel(II) Chloride
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.lithiumHydroxide.name.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lithium Hydroxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.lysine.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lysine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnesiumCarbonate.name.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Magnesium Carbonate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnesiumOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Magnesium Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnetite.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Magnetite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.malicAcid.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Malic Acid
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.memethacrylate.name.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Methyl Methacrylate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.meoh.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Methyl Alcohol
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.mescaline.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mescaline
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.metasilicate.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Metasilicate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.metblue.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Methylene Blue
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.methamphetamine.name.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Methamphetamine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.methionine.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Methionine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.methyl.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Methyl (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.methylene.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Methylene (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.mt.name.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Methylcyclopentadienyl Manganese Tricarbonyl
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.mycotoxin.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK T-2 Mycotoxin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.nepheline.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nepheline
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.nitrate.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nitrate (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.nitrogenDioxide.name.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Nitrogen Dioxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.nodularin.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nodularin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.noselite.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Noselite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.oleicAcid.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Oleic Acid
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.olivine.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Olivine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.omphacite.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Omphacite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.orangePigment.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Potassium Dichromate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.orthoclase.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orthoclase
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.pal2.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Batrachotoxin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.pantherine.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pantherine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.penicillin.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Penicillin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.peridot.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Peridot
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.peroxide.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Peroxide (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.phenylalanine.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Phenylalanine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.phosgene.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Phosgene
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.phosphate.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Phosphate (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.plagioclaseAlbite.name.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Albite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.plagioclaseAnorthite.name.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Anorthite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.plat.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chloroplatinic Acid
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.pmma.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Poly(methyl methacrylate)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.polyisobutylene.name.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Polyisobutylene Rubber
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.polyvinylChloride.name.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Polyvinyl Chloride
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumHydroxide.name.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Potassium Hydroxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumNitrate.name.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Potassium Nitrate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Potassium Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.proline.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Proline
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.propane.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Propane
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.psilocybin.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Psilocybin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.purplePigment.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Potassium Permanganate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.purpleorgodye.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Delphinidin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.pyrite.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pyrite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.pyrope.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pyrope
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.radchlor.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Radium Chloride
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.redGarnet.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Garnet
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.redPigment.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cobalt(II) Nitrate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.redorgodye.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pelargonidin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.retinol.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Retinol
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.rubidiumHydroxide.name.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Rubidium Hydroxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.salt.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Salt
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.serine.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Serine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.shikimicAcid.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Shikimic Acid
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.silicate.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Silicate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.siliconDioxide.name.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Silicon Dioxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.siliconOxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Silicon Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodalite.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sodalite
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumBisulfate.name.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Sodium Bisulfate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumHydroxide.name.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Sodium Hydroxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumOxide.name.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sodium Oxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumSulfate.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sodium Sulfate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.spessartine.name.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spessartine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.starch.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Starch
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.strontiumNitrate.name.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Strontium Nitrate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.sucrose.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sucrose
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfate.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sulfate (ion)
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfurDioxide.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sulfur Dioxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfuricAcid.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.talc.name.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Talc
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.tannicacid.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tannic Acid
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.testosterone.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Testosterone
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.tetrodotoxin.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tetrodotoxin
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.thc.name.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK THC
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.theobromine.name.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Theobromine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.threonine.name.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Threonine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.tnt.name.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Trinitrotoluene
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.toluene.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Toluene
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.topaz.name.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Topaz
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.tryptophan.name.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tryptophan
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.tyrosine.name.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tyrosine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.valine.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Valine
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.vinylChloride.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vinyl Chloride Monomer
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.weedex.name.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Aminocyclopyrachlor
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.whitePigment.name.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Titanium Dioxide
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.xanax.name.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Alprazolam
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.xylitol.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Xylitol
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.yellowPigment.name.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Potassium Chromate
fe.protection.break.minechem.fluid.molecule.zoisite.name.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Zoisite
fe.protection.break.minechem.tile.blueprintProjector.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blueprint Projector
fe.protection.break.minechem.tile.chemicalDecomposer.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Chemical Decomposer
fe.protection.break.minechem.tile.chemicalSynthesizer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chemical Synthesizer
fe.protection.break.minechem.tile.fusionWall.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.fusionWall.name
fe.protection.break.minechem.tile.ghostBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ghostBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minechem.tile.leadChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leaded Chest
fe.protection.break.minechem.tile.opticalMicroscope.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Microscope
fe.protection.break.minechem.tile.oreUranium.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Uranium Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.sand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.mo.android_spawner.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Rogue Android Spawner
fe.protection.break.mo.android_station.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Android Station
fe.protection.break.mo.bounding_box.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.mo.charging_station.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Charging Station
fe.protection.break.mo.contract_market.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Contract Market
fe.protection.break.mo.decomposer.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Matter Decomposer
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.beams.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Grate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.carbon_fiber_plate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carbon Fiber Plate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.clean.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Smooth Plate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.coils.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Coils
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.engine_exhaust_plasma.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Engine Exhaust Plasma
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.floor_noise.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Linoleum Floor
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.floor_tile_white.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK White Floor Tiles
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.floor_tiles.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Floor Tiles
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.floor_tiles_green.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Green Floor Tiles
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.holo_matrix.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Holographic Matrix
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.matter_tube.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Matter Tube
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.separator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Rail
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.stripes.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stripes
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.tritanium_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Lamp
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_colored.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Colored Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_stripe.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Plate Guided
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.vent.bright.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Vent
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.vent.dark.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Vent
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.white_plate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Soft Wall Plates
fe.protection.break.mo.dilithium_ore.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dilithium Ore
fe.protection.break.mo.force_glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Glass
fe.protection.break.mo.fusion_reactor_coil.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Reactor Coil
fe.protection.break.mo.fusion_reactor_controller.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Reactor Controller
fe.protection.break.mo.fusion_reactor_io.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Reactor IO
fe.protection.break.mo.gravitational_anomaly.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gravitational Anomaly
fe.protection.break.mo.gravitational_stabilizer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Gravitational Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.mo.heavy_matter_pipe.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Heavy Duty Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.break.mo.holo_sign.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Holographic Sign
fe.protection.break.mo.inscriber.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Inscriber
fe.protection.break.mo.machine_hull.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Machine Hull
fe.protection.break.mo.matter_analyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Matter Analyzer
fe.protection.break.mo.matter_pipe.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.break.mo.matter_plasma.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Matter Plasma
fe.protection.break.mo.matter_recycler.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Matter Recycler
fe.protection.break.mo.microwave.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Microwave
fe.protection.break.mo.molten_tritanium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Molten Tritanium
fe.protection.break.mo.network_pipe.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Matter Network Cable
fe.protection.break.mo.network_router.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Matter Network Router
fe.protection.break.mo.network_switch.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Matter Network Switch
fe.protection.break.mo.pattern_monitor.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Monitor
fe.protection.break.mo.pattern_storage.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Storage
fe.protection.break.mo.replicator.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Matter Replicator
fe.protection.break.mo.solar_panel.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.mo.star_map.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Star Map
fe.protection.break.mo.transporter.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Transporter
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Block
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.black.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Black Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.blue.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blue Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.brown.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Brown Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.cyan.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.gray.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.green.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Green Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.name
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.lime.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lime Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.magenta.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.orange.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.tritanium_crate.orange.name
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.pink.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pink Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.purple.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Purple Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.red.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.silver.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.white.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK White Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.yellow.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.tritanium_crate.yellow.name
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_ore.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.break.mo.weapon_station.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Weapon Station
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.airex.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.airex.name
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.blockrotator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK FakeRotator
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.carrotgravitized.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Carrots(+G)
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.chestgravitized.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chest(+G)
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.cropgravitized.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crops(+G)
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.dirtgrassex.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK StarDirt
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.gravitycore.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK GravityCore
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.gravitywall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK GravityWall
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.innercore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK InnerStarCore
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.manbazooka.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK ManBazooka
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.navigator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Navigator
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.outercore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK OuterStarCore
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.potatogravitized.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Potatos(+G)
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.rflowergravitized.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.rflowergravitized.name
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.saplinggravitized.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.saplinggravitized.name
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.starbedbody.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.starbedbody.name
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.starbedhead.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.starbedhead.name
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.tallgrassgravitized.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tallgrassgravitized.name
fe.protection.break.modJ_StarMiner.yflowergravitized.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.yflowergravitized.name
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Laser Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.break.props.blockFake.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.props.blockProps.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.mazeGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Maze Generator
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.naturalFloor.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Generic Solid
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.negativeSpace.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Generic Space
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.structureGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Structure Generator
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Spawn Command Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Activity Probe
fe.protection.break.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Biome Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block Protector
fe.protection.break.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Builder Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Counter
fe.protection.break.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.break.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.break.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.break.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.break.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.break.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dialing Device
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Builder
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Editor
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.break.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ender Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.break.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Energy Extractor
fe.protection.break.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Environmental Controller
fe.protection.break.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Item Filter
fe.protection.break.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.machineBase.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Machine Base
fe.protection.break.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Machine Frame
fe.protection.break.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Machine Infuser
fe.protection.break.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Material Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Matter Beamer
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Matter Booster
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Matter Receiver
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.break.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Modular Storage
fe.protection.break.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pearl Injector
fe.protection.break.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Proxy Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.break.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.break.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Power Relay
fe.protection.break.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Remote Storage
fe.protection.break.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK RF Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Screen
fe.protection.break.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Screen Controller
fe.protection.break.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Screen
fe.protection.break.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Security Manager
fe.protection.break.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sequencer
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Shield Template
fe.protection.break.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Simple Dialer
fe.protection.break.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.break.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spawner
fe.protection.break.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Storage Scanner
fe.protection.break.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Support Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Time Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Timer
fe.protection.break.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Core
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryComputerPort.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryControler.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Battery Controller
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryElectrode.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Battery Electrode
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryGlass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Battery Glass
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryPowerTap.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryWall.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Battery Wall
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BlockGraphite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Graphite
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.blockcontroler.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Super Conductor Controller
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.blockwire.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Super Conductor
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK RF Meter
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.explode.*                                                                          # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Allium
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Daisy
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dandelion
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Orchid
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Poppy
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Potato
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugarcane
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Pad
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Pad
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Stone
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crag Rock
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flesh
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravestone
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ivy
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Poison
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tree Moss
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turnip
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisteria
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.explode.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender IO
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Rail
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Farming Station
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Water
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hootch
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Killer Joe
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Fence
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Gate
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Slab
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Wall
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Machine
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Monitor
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reservoir
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE SAG Mill
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Binder
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Telepad Block
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE The Vat
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Angel Block
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chandelier
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Collector
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT Generator
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Trading Post
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Can
fe.protection.explode.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pottery Table
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Compost Bin
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Garden Proxy
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Garden Soil
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Fire
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelabra
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Heavy Chain
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Garden Lantern
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lattice
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lattice
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Chain
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelilla
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Strange Plant
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Post
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Post Fence
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence with Rope
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Silken Nectar
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee Hive
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Culture Jar
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Press
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Press
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Trap
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Grapes
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambrosia
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Port Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Hops
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Paddy Rice
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.JABBA.barrel.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Better Barrel
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Road
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE BioFuel
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE DetCord
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertile Soil
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Meat
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Slime
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sewage
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sludge
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bear Trap
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Button
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Placer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Cannon
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Donation Station
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawing Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fan
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Flag
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Egg
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grave
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Healer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Dropper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Can
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Path
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Block
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Target
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Trophy
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Bottler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Drain
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Shower
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.cube.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.detector.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.frame.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.ore.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Residual Heat
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.signal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.stair.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Track
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Display
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Collector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Notification Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Online Detector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectre Block
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.explode.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.SimpleLabels.label.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Deep Storage Label
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel I
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel II
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel III
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar4.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel IV
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar5.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel V
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar6.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel VI
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Mana
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.fluid.petrotheum.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.translocator.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Controller
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE ME IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.armourLibrary.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.armourersworkshop:armourLibrary.name
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.armourerBrain.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Armourer
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.awBoundingBox3.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.armourersworkshop:armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox3.name
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourMixer.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Colour Mixer
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourable.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Equipment Cube
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Equipment Cube
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlassGlowing.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlowing.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.doll.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Doll
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.dyeTable.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dye Table
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.mannequin.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mannequin
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.miniArmourer.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mini Armourer - (WIP)
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnable.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Skinnable Block
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.skinningTable.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Skinning Table
fe.protection.explode.autopackager.packagerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.packagerBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.auto_project_table.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Project Table
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt Paver
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt Tile
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.buffer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Buffer
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Circuit Database
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Circuit Table
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.deployer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Deployer
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.ejector.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ejector
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.filter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Filter
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flax
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.igniter.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Igniter
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Indigo Flower
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Detector
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE RGB Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted RGB Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampred.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE White Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.manager.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Manager
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Paver
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Tile
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.project_table.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Project Table
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.regulator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Regulator
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.relay.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Relay
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.retriever.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Retriever
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sorting Machine
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Teslatite Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.tiles.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.transposer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Transposer
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungsten Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc Ore
fe.protection.explode.camping.boundsHelper.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounds Helper Block
fe.protection.explode.camping.campfire.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Decorative Campfire
fe.protection.explode.camping.campfireCook.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cooking Campfire
fe.protection.explode.camping.hemp.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hemp
fe.protection.explode.camping.lantern.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lantern.name
fe.protection.explode.camping.light.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.light.name
fe.protection.explode.camping.logSeat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Log Seat
fe.protection.explode.camping.sleepingBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sleepingBag.name
fe.protection.explode.camping.tent.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tent
fe.protection.explode.camping.trap.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bear Trap
fe.protection.explode.catwalkmod.cagedLadder.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalkmod.scaffold.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_tape.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_tape.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_lit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_lit_tape.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_unlit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_tape.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.scaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffold
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.sturdy_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sturdy Rail
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.sturdy_rail_activator.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sturdy Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.sturdy_rail_detector.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sturdy Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.sturdy_rail_powered.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sturdy Powered Rail
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.support_column.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Support Column
fe.protection.explode.cfm.barstool.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.basin.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.basin.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bath1.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bath2.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bin.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bin.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.birdbath.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blender.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blender.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blindoff.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blindon.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chairstone.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chairwood.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.choppingboard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.computer.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.couch.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.counterdoored.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.countersink.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cup.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.curtainon.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.doorbell.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.electricfence.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.firealarmon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.freezer.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.fridge.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hedge.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hey.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hey.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.lampoff.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.lampon.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mailbox.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.microwave.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Microwave
fe.protection.explode.cfm.nyan.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.oven.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oven.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.pattern.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.plate.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.present.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.present.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.printer.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.printer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showerbottom.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showerheadon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showertop.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.stereo.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.stonepath.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tablestone.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tablewood.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tap.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tap.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.toaster.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.toilet.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tree.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tree.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tv.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tv.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.washingmachine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.whitefence.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.copperblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass2.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold2.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.grimstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grimstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.holystone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron2.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leadblock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nation.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.present.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Present
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur
fe.protection.explode.chisel.rebel.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.road_line.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Road Lines
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.silverblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.steelblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical3.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical4.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templeblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tinblock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch1.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch10.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch2.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch3.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch4.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch5.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch6.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch7.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch8.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch9.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.warningSign.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Warning Sign
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.explode.denseores.block0.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.block1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.explode.dungeonmobs.LavaRock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Magma Rock
fe.protection.explode.dungeonmobs.bladetrap.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blade Trap
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockAfarm.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE AgriCraft Farming Station
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockBrine1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Brine
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockBrine2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Medium Brine
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockBrine3.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Heavy Brine
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockBrine4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Brine
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockChassis.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockChassis.name
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockCobbleworks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Framework
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockDrain.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Drain
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockDummy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDummy.name
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockFlag.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetic Flag
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockIHopper.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockMagCharger.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetic Charger
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockMilk.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockNiard.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Niard
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockPMon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockTcom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Loot Recycler
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockVoidTank.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal Tank
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockWaterworks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Extraction Framework
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.rlever10.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-reseting lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.rlever30.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-reseting lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.rlever300.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-reseting lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.rlever60.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-reseting lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.explode.eplus.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.eplus.arcane_inscriber.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.eplus.enchantment_book.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.explode.extracells.certustank.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.explode.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.explode.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.extracells.walrus.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Walrus
fe.protection.explode.fairylights.fairy_lights_fastener.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fairy_lights_fastener.name
fe.protection.explode.fairylights.fairy_lights_fence.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fairy_lights_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.fluxedCrystals.crystal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fluxedcrystals.crystal.name
fe.protection.explode.fluxedCrystals.gemCutter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gem Cutter
fe.protection.explode.fluxedCrystals.gemRefiner.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Gem Refiner
fe.protection.explode.fluxedCrystals.poweredSoil.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Soil
fe.protection.explode.fluxedCrystals.poweredSoilMana.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Mana Soil
fe.protection.explode.fluxedCrystals.seedInfuser.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Infuser
fe.protection.explode.fossil.amberOre.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Ore
fe.protection.explode.fossil.analyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.fossil.analyzerActive.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.analyzerActive.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientChest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Glass
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStoneSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancientStoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStoneSlabDouble.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancientStoneSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStoneStairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStonebrick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Wood
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodPillar.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Wood Pillar
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Wooden Plate
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancientWoodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodSlabDouble.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancientWoodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Wooden Stairs
fe.protection.explode.fossil.anu_block.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Anu Statue
fe.protection.explode.fossil.anu_portal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.anu_portal.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.anubiteStatue.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Anubite Statue
fe.protection.explode.fossil.bennettitales_large.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tall Bennettitales
fe.protection.explode.fossil.bennettitales_small.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bennettitales
fe.protection.explode.fossil.cultureVat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Culture Vat
fe.protection.explode.fossil.cultureVatActive.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cultureVatActive.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.denseSand.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Sand
fe.protection.explode.fossil.feederActive.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Feeder
fe.protection.explode.fossil.feederIdle.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Feeder
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fernBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Fern
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossil.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fossil
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossil_drum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Drum
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossilfigurine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Figurine
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossilvaseAmphora.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vaseAmphora.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossilvaseKylix.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vaseKylix.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossilvaseVolute.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vaseVolute.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossilworkbench.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.explode.fossil.homePortal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Overworld Portal
fe.protection.explode.fossil.horsetail_large.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tall Horsetail
fe.protection.explode.fossil.horsetail_small.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Horsetail
fe.protection.explode.fossil.icedStone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iced Stone
fe.protection.explode.fossil.mutantPlant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Failure Plant
fe.protection.explode.fossil.obsidianSpikes.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Spikes
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Leaves
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheLog.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Log
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeoraphePlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Planks
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.palaeorapheSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheSlabDouble.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Stairs
fe.protection.explode.fossil.paleopanax.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Foozia
fe.protection.explode.fossil.permafrost.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Permafrost
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_cephalotaxus.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cephalotaxus
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_dillhoffia.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dillhoffia
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_licopodiophyta.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lycopodiophyta
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_sarracina.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sarracenia 
fe.protection.explode.fossil.sarcophagus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mysterious Sarcophagus
fe.protection.explode.fossil.sifter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sifter
fe.protection.explode.fossil.sifterActive.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sifterActive.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.skullBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Skull
fe.protection.explode.fossil.skullLantern.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Skull Lantern
fe.protection.explode.fossil.slimeTrail.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Failuresaurus Trail
fe.protection.explode.fossil.strongGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.explode.fossil.tar.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tar
fe.protection.explode.fossil.timeMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Time Machine
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicAsh.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Ash
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Brick
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicRock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.volcanicSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicSlabDouble.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.volcanicSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Stairs
fe.protection.explode.fossil.welwitschia.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Welwitschia
fe.protection.explode.fossil.workbenchActive.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.workbenchActive.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.zamites.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Zamites
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Robin
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Transformer
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Mixer
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Carriage Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE White Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Door Factory
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Forcefield
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jail Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Medieval Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mixed Block
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.null.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Sensor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Saloon Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Shoji Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.byzantine_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_building.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_building.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_cropMaize.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_cropMaize.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_cropRice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_cropRice.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_cropTurmeric.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_cropTurmeric.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_cropVine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_cropVine.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_earth_deco.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_earth_deco.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_panel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_panel.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_panes.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_panes.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_path.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_path.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_path_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_path_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_stone_deco.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_stone_deco.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_wood_deco.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_wood_deco.name
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ac.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Actinium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ag.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Al.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Am.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Americium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ar.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Argon
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.As.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Arsenic
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.At.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Astatine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Au.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.B.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Boron
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ba.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Barium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Be.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Beryllium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Bh.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bohrium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Bi.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bismuth
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Bk.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Berkelium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Br.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bromine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.C.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carbon
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ca.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Calcium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Cd.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cadmium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ce.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cerium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Cf.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Californium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Cl.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chlorine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Cm.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Curium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Cn.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Copernicium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Co.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Cr.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chromium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Cs.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Caesium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Cu.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Db.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dubnium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ds.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Darmstadtium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Dy.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dysprosium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Er.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Erbium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Es.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Einsteinium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Eu.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Europium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.F.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluorine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Fe.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Fm.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Fr.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Francium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ga.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gallium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Gd.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gadolinium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ge.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Germanium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.H.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrogen
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.He.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Helium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Hf.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hafnium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Hg.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ho.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Holmium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Hs.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hassium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.I.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iodine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.In.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Indium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ir.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Iridium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.K.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Potassium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Kr.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Krypton
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.La.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lanthanum
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Li.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lithium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Lr.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lawrencium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Lu.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lutetium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Md.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mendelevium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Mg.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnesium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Mn.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Manganese
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Mo.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molybdenum
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Mt.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Meitnerium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.N.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Nitrogen
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Na.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sodium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Nb.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Niobium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Nd.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Neodymium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ne.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Neon
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ni.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.No.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Nobelium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Np.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptunium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.O.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Os.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.P.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Phosphorus
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Pa.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Protactinium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Pb.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lead
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Pd.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Palladium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Pm.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Promethium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Po.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Polonium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Pr.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Praseodymium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Pt.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Platinum
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Pu.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Plutonium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ra.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Radium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Rb.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubidium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Re.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhenium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Rf.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rutherfordium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Rg.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Roentgenium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Rh.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhodium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Rn.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Radon
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ru.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruthenium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.S.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfur
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Sb.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Antimony
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Sc.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Scandium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Se.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Selenium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Sg.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seaborgium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Si.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Silicon
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Sm.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Samarium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Sn.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Sr.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Strontium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ta.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tantalum
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Tb.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Terbium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Tc.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Technetium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Te.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tellurium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Th.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thorium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Ti.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Titanium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Tl.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thallium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Tm.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thulium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.U.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Uut.name.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ununtrium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.V.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanadium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.W.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungsten
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Xe.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Xenon
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Y.name.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Yttrium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Yb.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ytterbium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Zn.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.element.Zr.name.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Zirconium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.aalc.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Allyl Alcohol
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.acetate.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Acetate (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.alinine.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Alanine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.almadine.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Almandine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumHypophosphite.name.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.molecule.aluminiumHypophosphite.name
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumOxide.name.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminium Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumPhosphate.name.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminium Phosphate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.ammonia.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ammonia
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.ammonium.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ammonium (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.amphetamine.name.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Amphetamine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.arginine.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arginine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.arsenicOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arsenic Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.asbestos.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Asbestos
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.asparagine.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Asparagine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.asparticAcid.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Aspartic Acid
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.asprin.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Aspirin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.augite.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Augite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.beryl.name.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Beryl
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.biotite.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Biotite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.blackPigment.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carbon Black
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.blueorgodye.name.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Guaiazulene
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.buli.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tert-Butyllithium
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.butene.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Butene
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.calcicPyroxene.name.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Calcic Pyroxene
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.calciumCarbonate.name.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Calcium Carbonate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.calciumOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Calcium Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.carbonDioxide.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Carbon Dioxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.carbonate.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carbonate (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.caulerpenyne.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Caulerpenyne
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.cellulose.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cellulose
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.cesiumHydroxide.name.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cesium Hydroxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.chromate.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Chromate (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.chromite.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Chromite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.cocaine.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocaine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.cocainehcl.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocaine Hydrochloride
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.cucurbitacin.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cucurbitacin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.cyanide.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Potassium Cyanide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.cysteine.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cysteine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.ddt.name.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE DDT
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.dimethyltryptamine.name.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimethyltryptamine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.dota.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE DOTA
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.ethanol.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethyl Alcohol
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.fibroin.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fibroin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.fingolimod.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fingolimod
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.forsterite.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Forsterite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.franciumHydroxide.name.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Francium Hydroxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.fullrene.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carbon Nanotubes
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.gallicacid.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gallic Acid
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.galliumOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Gallium Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.galliumarsenide.name.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gallium Arsenide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.glucose.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glucose
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.glutamates.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glutamic Acid
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.glutamine.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Glutamine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.glycine.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glycine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.glyphosate.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glyphosate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.greenPigment.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc Green
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.hcl.name.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrogen Chloride
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.hist.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Diphenhydramine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.histidine.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Histidine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.hperox.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrogen Peroxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydrogenSulfide.name.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrogen Sulfide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydronium.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydronium (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydroxide.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydroxide (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydroxylapatite.name.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydroxylapatite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.hypophosphite.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hypophosphite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.iron3oxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron (III) Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.ironOxide.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.isoleucine.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Isoleucine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.isoprene.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Isoprene
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.kaolinite.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Kaolinite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.keratin.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Keratin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.latropine.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hyoscyamine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.lazurite.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lazurite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.lcd.name.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cholesteryl Benzoate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.leucine.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Leucine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.lightbluePigment.name.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper(II) Sulfate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.limePigment.name.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel(II) Chloride
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.lithiumHydroxide.name.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lithium Hydroxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.lysine.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lysine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnesiumCarbonate.name.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnesium Carbonate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnesiumOxide.name.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnesium Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnetite.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.malicAcid.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Malic Acid
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.memethacrylate.name.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Methyl Methacrylate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.meoh.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Methyl Alcohol
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.mescaline.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mescaline
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.metasilicate.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Metasilicate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.metblue.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Methylene Blue
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.methamphetamine.name.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Methamphetamine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.methionine.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Methionine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.methyl.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Methyl (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.methylene.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Methylene (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.mt.name.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Methylcyclopentadienyl Manganese Tricarbonyl
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.mycotoxin.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE T-2 Mycotoxin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.nepheline.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nepheline
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.nitrate.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nitrate (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.nitrogenDioxide.name.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nitrogen Dioxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.nodularin.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nodularin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.noselite.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Noselite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.oleicAcid.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Oleic Acid
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.olivine.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Olivine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.omphacite.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Omphacite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.orangePigment.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Potassium Dichromate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.orthoclase.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orthoclase
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.pal2.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Batrachotoxin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.pantherine.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pantherine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.penicillin.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Penicillin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.peridot.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Peridot
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.peroxide.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Peroxide (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.phenylalanine.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Phenylalanine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.phosgene.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Phosgene
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.phosphate.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Phosphate (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.plagioclaseAlbite.name.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Albite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.plagioclaseAnorthite.name.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Anorthite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.plat.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chloroplatinic Acid
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.pmma.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Poly(methyl methacrylate)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.polyisobutylene.name.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Polyisobutylene Rubber
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.polyvinylChloride.name.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Polyvinyl Chloride
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumHydroxide.name.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Potassium Hydroxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumNitrate.name.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Potassium Nitrate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumOxide.name.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Potassium Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.proline.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Proline
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.propane.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Propane
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.psilocybin.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Psilocybin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.purplePigment.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Potassium Permanganate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.purpleorgodye.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Delphinidin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.pyrite.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pyrite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.pyrope.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pyrope
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.radchlor.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Radium Chloride
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.redGarnet.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Garnet
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.redPigment.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobalt(II) Nitrate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.redorgodye.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pelargonidin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.retinol.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Retinol
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.rubidiumHydroxide.name.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubidium Hydroxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.salt.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.serine.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Serine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.shikimicAcid.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Shikimic Acid
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.silicate.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Silicate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.siliconDioxide.name.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Silicon Dioxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.siliconOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Silicon Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodalite.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sodalite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumBisulfate.name.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sodium Bisulfate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumHydroxide.name.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sodium Hydroxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumOxide.name.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sodium Oxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumSulfate.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sodium Sulfate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.spessartine.name.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spessartine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.starch.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Starch
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.strontiumNitrate.name.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Strontium Nitrate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.sucrose.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sucrose
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfate.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfate (ion)
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfurDioxide.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfur Dioxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfuricAcid.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.talc.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Talc
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.tannicacid.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tannic Acid
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.testosterone.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Testosterone
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.tetrodotoxin.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tetrodotoxin
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.thc.name.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE THC
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.theobromine.name.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Theobromine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.threonine.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Threonine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.tnt.name.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Trinitrotoluene
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.toluene.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Toluene
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.topaz.name.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Topaz
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.tryptophan.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tryptophan
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.tyrosine.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrosine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.valine.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Valine
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.vinylChloride.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vinyl Chloride Monomer
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.weedex.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Aminocyclopyrachlor
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.whitePigment.name.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Titanium Dioxide
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.xanax.name.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Alprazolam
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.xylitol.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Xylitol
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.yellowPigment.name.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Potassium Chromate
fe.protection.explode.minechem.fluid.molecule.zoisite.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Zoisite
fe.protection.explode.minechem.tile.blueprintProjector.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blueprint Projector
fe.protection.explode.minechem.tile.chemicalDecomposer.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chemical Decomposer
fe.protection.explode.minechem.tile.chemicalSynthesizer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chemical Synthesizer
fe.protection.explode.minechem.tile.fusionWall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fusionWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minechem.tile.ghostBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ghostBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minechem.tile.leadChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaded Chest
fe.protection.explode.minechem.tile.opticalMicroscope.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Microscope
fe.protection.explode.minechem.tile.oreUranium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranium Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.air.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.mo.android_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rogue Android Spawner
fe.protection.explode.mo.android_station.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Android Station
fe.protection.explode.mo.bounding_box.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.mo.charging_station.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Charging Station
fe.protection.explode.mo.contract_market.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Contract Market
fe.protection.explode.mo.decomposer.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Decomposer
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.beams.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Grate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.carbon_fiber_plate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carbon Fiber Plate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.clean.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Smooth Plate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.coils.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Coils
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.engine_exhaust_plasma.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Engine Exhaust Plasma
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.floor_noise.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Linoleum Floor
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.floor_tile_white.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE White Floor Tiles
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.floor_tiles.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Floor Tiles
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.floor_tiles_green.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Floor Tiles
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.holo_matrix.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Holographic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.matter_tube.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Tube
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.separator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Rail
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.stripes.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stripes
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.tritanium_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Lamp
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_colored.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Colored Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_stripe.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Plate Guided
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.vent.bright.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Vent
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.vent.dark.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Vent
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.white_plate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Soft Wall Plates
fe.protection.explode.mo.dilithium_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dilithium Ore
fe.protection.explode.mo.force_glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Glass
fe.protection.explode.mo.fusion_reactor_coil.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Reactor Coil
fe.protection.explode.mo.fusion_reactor_controller.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Reactor Controller
fe.protection.explode.mo.fusion_reactor_io.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Reactor IO
fe.protection.explode.mo.gravitational_anomaly.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravitational Anomaly
fe.protection.explode.mo.gravitational_stabilizer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravitational Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.mo.heavy_matter_pipe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Heavy Duty Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.explode.mo.holo_sign.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Holographic Sign
fe.protection.explode.mo.inscriber.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.mo.machine_hull.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Hull
fe.protection.explode.mo.matter_analyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.mo.matter_pipe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.explode.mo.matter_plasma.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Plasma
fe.protection.explode.mo.matter_recycler.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Recycler
fe.protection.explode.mo.microwave.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Microwave
fe.protection.explode.mo.molten_tritanium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Tritanium
fe.protection.explode.mo.network_pipe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Network Cable
fe.protection.explode.mo.network_router.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Network Router
fe.protection.explode.mo.network_switch.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Network Switch
fe.protection.explode.mo.pattern_monitor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Monitor
fe.protection.explode.mo.pattern_storage.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Storage
fe.protection.explode.mo.replicator.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Replicator
fe.protection.explode.mo.solar_panel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.mo.star_map.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Star Map
fe.protection.explode.mo.transporter.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Transporter
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Block
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.black.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.blue.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.brown.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.gray.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.green.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.lime.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.magenta.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.orange.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tritanium_crate.orange.name
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.pink.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.purple.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.red.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.silver.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.white.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.yellow.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tritanium_crate.yellow.name
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.explode.mo.weapon_station.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Weapon Station
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.airex.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.airex.name
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.blockrotator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE FakeRotator
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.carrotgravitized.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots(+G)
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.chestgravitized.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest(+G)
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.cropgravitized.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops(+G)
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.dirtgrassex.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE StarDirt
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.gravitycore.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE GravityCore
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.gravitywall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE GravityWall
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.innercore.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE InnerStarCore
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.manbazooka.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ManBazooka
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.navigator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Navigator
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.outercore.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE OuterStarCore
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.potatogravitized.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatos(+G)
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.rflowergravitized.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rflowergravitized.name
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.saplinggravitized.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.saplinggravitized.name
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.starbedbody.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.starbedbody.name
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.starbedhead.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.starbedhead.name
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.tallgrassgravitized.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tallgrassgravitized.name
fe.protection.explode.modJ_StarMiner.yflowergravitized.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.yflowergravitized.name
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.explode.props.blockFake.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.props.blockProps.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.mazeGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Maze Generator
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.naturalFloor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Generic Solid
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.negativeSpace.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Generic Space
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.structureGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Generator
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spawn Command Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Activity Probe
fe.protection.explode.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Protector
fe.protection.explode.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Counter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.explode.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.explode.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.explode.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.explode.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dialing Device
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Builder
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Editor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.explode.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.explode.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Extractor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Environmental Controller
fe.protection.explode.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Filter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.machineBase.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Base
fe.protection.explode.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Frame
fe.protection.explode.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Infuser
fe.protection.explode.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Material Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Beamer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Booster
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Modular Storage
fe.protection.explode.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pearl Injector
fe.protection.explode.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Proxy Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Relay
fe.protection.explode.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Remote Storage
fe.protection.explode.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen
fe.protection.explode.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen Controller
fe.protection.explode.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen
fe.protection.explode.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Security Manager
fe.protection.explode.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sequencer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Template
fe.protection.explode.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Simple Dialer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spawner
fe.protection.explode.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Storage Scanner
fe.protection.explode.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Support Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Time Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Timer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Core
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryComputerPort.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryControler.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Controller
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryElectrode.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Electrode
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryGlass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Glass
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryPowerTap.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryWall.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Wall
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BlockGraphite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Graphite
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.blockcontroler.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Super Conductor Controller
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.blockwire.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Super Conductor
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Meter
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                         # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Allium
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Daisy
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dandelion
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Orchid
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Poppy
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Potato
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sugarcane
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT White Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crop Sticks
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Water Pad
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Water Pad
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Stone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bones.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crag Rock
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flesh
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Flowering Vines
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gravestone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Ice
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Sand
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ivy
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Long Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Moss
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mud.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petals.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plants.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Poison
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tree Moss
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Willow
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wisteria
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Combustion Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Conduit Connector
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ender IO
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Rail
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Skull
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Farming Station
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Water
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hootch
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ingot Storage
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Panel
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Killer Joe
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Carpet
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Fence
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Gate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Slab
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stairs
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Wall
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Machine
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Power Monitor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Spawner
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT SAG Mill
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Binder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stirling Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Tank
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Telepad Block
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Travel Anchor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT The Vat
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Charger
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Zombie Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Angel Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chandelier
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mini-Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cursed Earth
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Marker
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Collector
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Quarry
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT TNT Generator
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magnum Torch
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Peaceful Table
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Clock
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Trading Post
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can
fe.protection.interact.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pottery Table
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Compost Bin
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Proxy
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Soil
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Small Fire
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Heavy Chain
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Lantern
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lattice
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lattice
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Light Chain
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Candelilla
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Strange Plant
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Post
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Post Fence
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fence with Rope
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rope
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Silken Nectar
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bee Hive
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brew Kettle
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Culture Jar
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Press
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Press
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Trap
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Common Grapes
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Trunk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Trunk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ambrosia
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Port Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Common Hops
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Paddy
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Paddy Rice
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.JABBA.barrel.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Better Barrel
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Road
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT BioFuel
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT RedNet Cable
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT DetCord
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fertile Soil
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Meat
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Essence
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Slime
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Plastic
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Wood
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sewage
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sludge
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Tank
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Anvil
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Big Button
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block Placer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Item Cannon
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Donation Station
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Drawing Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fan
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Flag
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Egg
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grave
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Healer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Item Dropper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Can
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Mixer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Path
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Height Map Projector
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Block
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Target
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Trophy
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Village Highlighter
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT XP Bottler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT XP Drain
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT XP Shower
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.cube.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.detector.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.frame.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.ore.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Residual Heat
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.signal.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.slab.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.stair.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Imbuing Station
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Notification Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Online Detector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Block
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Glass
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Lever
fe.protection.interact.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.SimpleLabels.label.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Deep Storage Label
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel I
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel II
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel III
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar4.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel IV
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar5.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel V
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar6.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel VI
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Glass
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Resonant Ender
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Mana
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.fluid.petrotheum.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Grid
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.translocator.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Connector
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crank
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Frame
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.armourLibrary.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.armourersworkshop:armourLibrary.name
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.armourerBrain.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Armourer
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.awBoundingBox3.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.armourersworkshop:armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox3.name
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourMixer.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Colour Mixer
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourable.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Equipment Cube
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Equipment Cube
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlassGlowing.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlowing.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.doll.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Doll
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.dyeTable.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dye Table
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.mannequin.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mannequin
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.miniArmourer.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mini Armourer - (WIP)
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnable.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Skinnable Block
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.skinningTable.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Skinning Table
fe.protection.interact.autopackager.packagerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.packagerBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.auto_project_table.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Project Table
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Paver
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Tile
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.buffer.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Buffer
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Circuit Database
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Circuit Table
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.deployer.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Deployer
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.ejector.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ejector
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.filter.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Filter
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flax
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.igniter.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Igniter
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Indigo Flower
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Item Detector
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT RGB Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Black Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Green Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted RGB Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampred.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Red Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT White Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.manager.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Manager
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Paver
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Tile
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.project_table.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Project Table
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.regulator.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Regulator
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Relay
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.retriever.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Retriever
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sorting Machine
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Teslatite Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.tiles.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Transposer
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc Ore
fe.protection.interact.camping.boundsHelper.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bounds Helper Block
fe.protection.interact.camping.campfire.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Decorative Campfire
fe.protection.interact.camping.campfireCook.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cooking Campfire
fe.protection.interact.camping.hemp.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hemp
fe.protection.interact.camping.lantern.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lantern.name
fe.protection.interact.camping.light.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.light.name
fe.protection.interact.camping.logSeat.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Log Seat
fe.protection.interact.camping.sleepingBag.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sleepingBag.name
fe.protection.interact.camping.tent.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tent
fe.protection.interact.camping.trap.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.catwalkmod.cagedLadder.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalkmod.scaffold.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_tape.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_tape.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_tape.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_tape.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_lit.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_lit_tape.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_unlit.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_tape.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.scaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffold
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.sturdy_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sturdy Rail
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.sturdy_rail_activator.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sturdy Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.sturdy_rail_detector.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sturdy Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.sturdy_rail_powered.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sturdy Powered Rail
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.support_column.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Support Column
fe.protection.interact.cfm.barstool.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.basin.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.basin.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bath1.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bath2.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bin.*                                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bin.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.birdbath.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blender.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blender.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blindoff.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blindon.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chairstone.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chairwood.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.choppingboard.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.computer.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.couch.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.couch.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.counterdoored.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.countersink.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cup.*                                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cup.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.curtainon.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.doorbell.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.electricfence.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.firealarmon.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.freezer.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.fridge.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hedge.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hey.*                                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hey.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.lampoff.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.lampon.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mailbox.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.microwave.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Microwave
fe.protection.interact.cfm.nyan.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.oven.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oven.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.pattern.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.plate.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.present.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.present.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.printer.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.printer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showerbottom.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showerheadon.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showertop.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.stereo.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.stonepath.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tablestone.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tablewood.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tap.*                                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tap.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.toaster.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.toilet.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tree.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tree.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tv.*                                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tv.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.washingmachine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.whitefence.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Anti Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.beacon.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Floor Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.copperblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Circuit
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass2.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold2.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold_block.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.grimstone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grimstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.holystone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron2.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_block.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leadblock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nation.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.present.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Present
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur
fe.protection.interact.chisel.rebel.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rebellious Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.road_line.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Road Lines
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.silverblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.steelblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical3.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical4.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templeblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tinblock.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch1.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch10.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch2.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch3.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch4.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch5.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch6.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch7.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch8.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch9.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.warningSign.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Warning Sign
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Woolen Clay
fe.protection.interact.denseores.block0.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.block1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.interact.dungeonmobs.LavaRock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Magma Rock
fe.protection.interact.dungeonmobs.bladetrap.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blade Trap
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockAfarm.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT AgriCraft Farming Station
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockBrine1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Brine
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockBrine2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Medium Brine
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockBrine3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Heavy Brine
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockBrine4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Brine
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockChassis.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockChassis.name
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockCobbleworks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Framework
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockDrain.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Drain
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockDummy.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDummy.name
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockFlag.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetic Flag
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockIHopper.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockMagCharger.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetic Charger
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockMilk.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockNiard.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Niard
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockPMon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockTcom.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Loot Recycler
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockVoidTank.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Portal Tank
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockWaterworks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water Extraction Framework
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.rlever10.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Self-reseting lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.rlever30.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Self-reseting lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.rlever300.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Self-reseting lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.rlever60.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Self-reseting lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                                    # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.eplus.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.eplus.arcane_inscriber.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.eplus.enchantment_book.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.interact.extracells.certustank.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.interact.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.interact.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.extracells.walrus.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Walrus
fe.protection.interact.fairylights.fairy_lights_fastener.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fairy_lights_fastener.name
fe.protection.interact.fairylights.fairy_lights_fence.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fairy_lights_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.fluxedCrystals.crystal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fluxedcrystals.crystal.name
fe.protection.interact.fluxedCrystals.gemCutter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gem Cutter
fe.protection.interact.fluxedCrystals.gemRefiner.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Gem Refiner
fe.protection.interact.fluxedCrystals.poweredSoil.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Soil
fe.protection.interact.fluxedCrystals.poweredSoilMana.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Mana Soil
fe.protection.interact.fluxedCrystals.seedInfuser.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Infuser
fe.protection.interact.fossil.amberOre.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Ore
fe.protection.interact.fossil.analyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.fossil.analyzerActive.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.analyzerActive.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientChest.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Glass
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStoneSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancientStoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStoneSlabDouble.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancientStoneSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStoneStairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWood.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Wood
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodPillar.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Wood Pillar
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Wooden Plate
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancientWoodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodSlabDouble.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancientWoodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Wooden Stairs
fe.protection.interact.fossil.anu_block.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Anu Statue
fe.protection.interact.fossil.anu_portal.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.anu_portal.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.anubiteStatue.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Anubite Statue
fe.protection.interact.fossil.bennettitales_large.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tall Bennettitales
fe.protection.interact.fossil.bennettitales_small.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bennettitales
fe.protection.interact.fossil.cultureVat.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Culture Vat
fe.protection.interact.fossil.cultureVatActive.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cultureVatActive.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.denseSand.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Sand
fe.protection.interact.fossil.feederActive.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Feeder
fe.protection.interact.fossil.feederIdle.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Feeder
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fernBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Fern
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossil.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fossil
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossil_drum.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Drum
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossilfigurine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Figurine
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossilvaseAmphora.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vaseAmphora.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossilvaseKylix.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vaseKylix.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossilvaseVolute.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vaseVolute.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossilworkbench.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.interact.fossil.homePortal.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Overworld Portal
fe.protection.interact.fossil.horsetail_large.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tall Horsetail
fe.protection.interact.fossil.horsetail_small.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Horsetail
fe.protection.interact.fossil.icedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iced Stone
fe.protection.interact.fossil.mutantPlant.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Failure Plant
fe.protection.interact.fossil.obsidianSpikes.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Spikes
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Leaves
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheLog.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Log
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeoraphePlanks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Planks
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheSapling.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.palaeorapheSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheSlabDouble.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Stairs
fe.protection.interact.fossil.paleopanax.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Foozia
fe.protection.interact.fossil.permafrost.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Permafrost
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_cephalotaxus.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cephalotaxus
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_dillhoffia.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dillhoffia
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_licopodiophyta.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lycopodiophyta
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_sarracina.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sarracenia 
fe.protection.interact.fossil.sarcophagus.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mysterious Sarcophagus
fe.protection.interact.fossil.sifter.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sifter
fe.protection.interact.fossil.sifterActive.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sifterActive.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.skullBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Skull
fe.protection.interact.fossil.skullLantern.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Skull Lantern
fe.protection.interact.fossil.slimeTrail.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Failuresaurus Trail
fe.protection.interact.fossil.strongGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.interact.fossil.tar.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tar
fe.protection.interact.fossil.timeMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Time Machine
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicAsh.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Ash
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Brick
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicRock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.volcanicSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicSlabDouble.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.volcanicSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Stairs
fe.protection.interact.fossil.welwitschia.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Welwitschia
fe.protection.interact.fossil.workbenchActive.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.workbenchActive.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.zamites.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Zamites
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Item Robin
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME Transformer
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block Mixer
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Carriage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Black Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Green Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Red Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT SilverCurtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT White Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Door Factory
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Forcefield
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jail Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Medieval Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mixed Block
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.null.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Player Sensor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Saloon Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Shoji Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.byzantine_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_building.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_building.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_cropMaize.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_cropMaize.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_cropRice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_cropRice.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_cropTurmeric.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_cropTurmeric.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_cropVine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_cropVine.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_earth_deco.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_earth_deco.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_panel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_panel.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_panes.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_panes.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_path.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_path.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_path_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_path_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_stone_deco.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_stone_deco.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_wood_deco.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_wood_deco.name
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ac.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Actinium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ag.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Silver
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Al.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Am.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Americium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ar.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Argon
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.As.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Arsenic
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.At.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Astatine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Au.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gold
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.B.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Boron
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ba.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Barium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Be.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Beryllium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Bh.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bohrium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Bi.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bismuth
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Bk.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Berkelium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Br.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bromine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.C.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carbon
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ca.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Calcium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Cd.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cadmium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ce.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cerium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Cf.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Californium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Cl.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chlorine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Cm.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Curium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Cn.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Copernicium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Co.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Cr.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chromium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Cs.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Caesium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Cu.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Copper
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Db.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dubnium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ds.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Darmstadtium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Dy.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dysprosium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Er.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Erbium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Es.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Einsteinium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Eu.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Europium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.F.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fluorine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Fe.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Iron
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Fm.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fermium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Fr.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Francium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ga.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gallium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Gd.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gadolinium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ge.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Germanium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.H.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrogen
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.He.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Helium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Hf.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hafnium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Hg.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ho.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Holmium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Hs.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hassium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.I.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iodine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.In.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Indium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ir.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Iridium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.K.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Potassium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Kr.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Krypton
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.La.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lanthanum
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Li.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lithium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Lr.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lawrencium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Lu.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lutetium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Md.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mendelevium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Mg.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magnesium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Mn.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Manganese
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Mo.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molybdenum
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Mt.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Meitnerium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.N.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Nitrogen
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Na.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sodium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Nb.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Niobium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Nd.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Neodymium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ne.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Neon
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ni.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.No.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Nobelium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Np.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Neptunium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.O.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Os.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Osmium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.P.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Phosphorus
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Pa.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Protactinium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Pb.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lead
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Pd.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Palladium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Pm.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Promethium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Po.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Polonium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Pr.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Praseodymium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Pt.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Platinum
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Pu.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Plutonium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ra.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Radium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Rb.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rubidium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Re.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rhenium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Rf.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rutherfordium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Rg.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Roentgenium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Rh.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rhodium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Rn.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Radon
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ru.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ruthenium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.S.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfur
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Sb.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Antimony
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Sc.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Scandium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Se.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Selenium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Sg.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seaborgium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Si.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Silicon
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Sm.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Samarium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Sn.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Sr.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Strontium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ta.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tantalum
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Tb.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Terbium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Tc.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Technetium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Te.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tellurium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Th.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thorium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Ti.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Titanium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Tl.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thallium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Tm.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thulium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.U.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Uranium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Uut.name.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ununtrium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.V.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vanadium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.W.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Xe.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Xenon
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Y.name.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Yttrium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Yb.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ytterbium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Zn.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.element.Zr.name.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Zirconium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.aalc.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Allyl Alcohol
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.acetate.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Acetate (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.alinine.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Alanine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.almadine.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Almandine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumHypophosphite.name.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.molecule.aluminiumHypophosphite.name
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumOxide.name.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminium Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumPhosphate.name.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminium Phosphate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.ammonia.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ammonia
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.ammonium.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ammonium (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.amphetamine.name.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Amphetamine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.arginine.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arginine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.arsenicOxide.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arsenic Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.asbestos.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Asbestos
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.asparagine.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Asparagine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.asparticAcid.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Aspartic Acid
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.asprin.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Aspirin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.augite.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Augite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.beryl.name.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Beryl
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.biotite.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Biotite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.blackPigment.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carbon Black
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.blueorgodye.name.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Guaiazulene
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.buli.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tert-Butyllithium
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.butene.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Butene
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.calcicPyroxene.name.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Calcic Pyroxene
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.calciumCarbonate.name.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Calcium Carbonate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.calciumOxide.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Calcium Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.carbonDioxide.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Carbon Dioxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.carbonate.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carbonate (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.caulerpenyne.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Caulerpenyne
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.cellulose.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cellulose
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.cesiumHydroxide.name.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cesium Hydroxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.chromate.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Chromate (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.chromite.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Chromite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.cocaine.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cocaine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.cocainehcl.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cocaine Hydrochloride
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.cucurbitacin.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cucurbitacin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.cyanide.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Potassium Cyanide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.cysteine.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cysteine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.ddt.name.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT DDT
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.dimethyltryptamine.name.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dimethyltryptamine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.dota.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT DOTA
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.ethanol.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ethyl Alcohol
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.fibroin.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fibroin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.fingolimod.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fingolimod
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.forsterite.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Forsterite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.franciumHydroxide.name.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Francium Hydroxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.fullrene.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carbon Nanotubes
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.gallicacid.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gallic Acid
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.galliumOxide.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Gallium Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.galliumarsenide.name.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gallium Arsenide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.glucose.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glucose
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.glutamates.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glutamic Acid
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.glutamine.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glutamine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.glycine.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glycine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.glyphosate.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glyphosate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.greenPigment.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc Green
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.hcl.name.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrogen Chloride
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.hist.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Diphenhydramine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.histidine.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Histidine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.hperox.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrogen Peroxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydrogenSulfide.name.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrogen Sulfide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydronium.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hydronium (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydroxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hydroxide (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydroxylapatite.name.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hydroxylapatite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.hypophosphite.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hypophosphite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.iron3oxide.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Iron (III) Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.ironOxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.isoleucine.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Isoleucine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.isoprene.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Isoprene
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.kaolinite.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Kaolinite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.keratin.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Keratin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.latropine.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hyoscyamine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.lazurite.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lazurite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.lcd.name.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cholesteryl Benzoate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.leucine.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Leucine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.lightbluePigment.name.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Copper(II) Sulfate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.limePigment.name.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel(II) Chloride
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.lithiumHydroxide.name.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lithium Hydroxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.lysine.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lysine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnesiumCarbonate.name.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magnesium Carbonate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnesiumOxide.name.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magnesium Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnetite.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.malicAcid.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Malic Acid
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.memethacrylate.name.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Methyl Methacrylate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.meoh.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Methyl Alcohol
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.mescaline.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mescaline
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.metasilicate.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Metasilicate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.metblue.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Methylene Blue
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.methamphetamine.name.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Methamphetamine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.methionine.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Methionine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.methyl.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Methyl (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.methylene.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Methylene (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.mt.name.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Methylcyclopentadienyl Manganese Tricarbonyl
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.mycotoxin.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT T-2 Mycotoxin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.nepheline.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nepheline
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.nitrate.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nitrate (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.nitrogenDioxide.name.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nitrogen Dioxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.nodularin.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nodularin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.noselite.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Noselite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.oleicAcid.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Oleic Acid
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.olivine.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Olivine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.omphacite.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Omphacite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.orangePigment.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Potassium Dichromate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.orthoclase.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orthoclase
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.pal2.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Batrachotoxin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.pantherine.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pantherine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.penicillin.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Penicillin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.peridot.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peridot
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.peroxide.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Peroxide (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.phenylalanine.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Phenylalanine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.phosgene.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Phosgene
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.phosphate.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Phosphate (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.plagioclaseAlbite.name.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Albite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.plagioclaseAnorthite.name.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Anorthite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.plat.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chloroplatinic Acid
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.pmma.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Poly(methyl methacrylate)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.polyisobutylene.name.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Polyisobutylene Rubber
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.polyvinylChloride.name.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Polyvinyl Chloride
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumHydroxide.name.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Potassium Hydroxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumNitrate.name.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Potassium Nitrate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumOxide.name.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Potassium Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.proline.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Proline
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.propane.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Propane
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.psilocybin.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Psilocybin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.purplePigment.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Potassium Permanganate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.purpleorgodye.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Delphinidin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.pyrite.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pyrite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.pyrope.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pyrope
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.radchlor.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Radium Chloride
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.redGarnet.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Garnet
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.redPigment.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cobalt(II) Nitrate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.redorgodye.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pelargonidin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.retinol.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Retinol
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.rubidiumHydroxide.name.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rubidium Hydroxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.salt.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Salt
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.serine.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Serine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.shikimicAcid.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Shikimic Acid
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.silicate.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Silicate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.siliconDioxide.name.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Silicon Dioxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.siliconOxide.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Silicon Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodalite.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sodalite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumBisulfate.name.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sodium Bisulfate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumHydroxide.name.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sodium Hydroxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sodium Oxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumSulfate.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sodium Sulfate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.spessartine.name.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spessartine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.starch.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Starch
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.strontiumNitrate.name.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Strontium Nitrate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.sucrose.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sucrose
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfate.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfate (ion)
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfurDioxide.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfur Dioxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfuricAcid.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.talc.name.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Talc
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.tannicacid.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tannic Acid
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.testosterone.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Testosterone
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.tetrodotoxin.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tetrodotoxin
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.thc.name.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT THC
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.theobromine.name.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Theobromine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.threonine.name.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Threonine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.tnt.name.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Trinitrotoluene
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.toluene.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Toluene
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.topaz.name.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Topaz
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.tryptophan.name.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tryptophan
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.tyrosine.name.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrosine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.valine.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Valine
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.vinylChloride.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vinyl Chloride Monomer
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.weedex.name.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Aminocyclopyrachlor
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.whitePigment.name.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Titanium Dioxide
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.xanax.name.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Alprazolam
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.xylitol.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Xylitol
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.yellowPigment.name.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Potassium Chromate
fe.protection.interact.minechem.fluid.molecule.zoisite.name.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Zoisite
fe.protection.interact.minechem.tile.blueprintProjector.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blueprint Projector
fe.protection.interact.minechem.tile.chemicalDecomposer.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chemical Decomposer
fe.protection.interact.minechem.tile.chemicalSynthesizer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chemical Synthesizer
fe.protection.interact.minechem.tile.fusionWall.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fusionWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minechem.tile.ghostBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ghostBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minechem.tile.leadChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leaded Chest
fe.protection.interact.minechem.tile.opticalMicroscope.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Microscope
fe.protection.interact.minechem.tile.oreUranium.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Uranium Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.mo.android_spawner.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rogue Android Spawner
fe.protection.interact.mo.android_station.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Android Station
fe.protection.interact.mo.bounding_box.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.mo.charging_station.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Charging Station
fe.protection.interact.mo.contract_market.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Contract Market
fe.protection.interact.mo.decomposer.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Decomposer
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.beams.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Grate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.carbon_fiber_plate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carbon Fiber Plate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.clean.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Smooth Plate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.coils.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Coils
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.engine_exhaust_plasma.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Engine Exhaust Plasma
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.floor_noise.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Linoleum Floor
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.floor_tile_white.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT White Floor Tiles
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.floor_tiles.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Floor Tiles
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.floor_tiles_green.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Floor Tiles
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.holo_matrix.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Holographic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.matter_tube.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Tube
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.separator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Rail
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.stripes.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stripes
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.tritanium_lamp.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Lamp
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_colored.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Colored Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_stripe.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Plate Guided
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.vent.bright.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Vent
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.vent.dark.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Vent
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.white_plate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Soft Wall Plates
fe.protection.interact.mo.dilithium_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dilithium Ore
fe.protection.interact.mo.force_glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Glass
fe.protection.interact.mo.fusion_reactor_coil.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Reactor Coil
fe.protection.interact.mo.fusion_reactor_controller.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Reactor Controller
fe.protection.interact.mo.fusion_reactor_io.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Reactor IO
fe.protection.interact.mo.gravitational_anomaly.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gravitational Anomaly
fe.protection.interact.mo.gravitational_stabilizer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gravitational Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.mo.heavy_matter_pipe.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Heavy Duty Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.interact.mo.holo_sign.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Holographic Sign
fe.protection.interact.mo.inscriber.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.mo.machine_hull.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Hull
fe.protection.interact.mo.matter_analyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.mo.matter_pipe.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.interact.mo.matter_plasma.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Plasma
fe.protection.interact.mo.matter_recycler.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Recycler
fe.protection.interact.mo.microwave.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Microwave
fe.protection.interact.mo.molten_tritanium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Tritanium
fe.protection.interact.mo.network_pipe.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Network Cable
fe.protection.interact.mo.network_router.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Network Router
fe.protection.interact.mo.network_switch.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Network Switch
fe.protection.interact.mo.pattern_monitor.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Monitor
fe.protection.interact.mo.pattern_storage.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Storage
fe.protection.interact.mo.replicator.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Replicator
fe.protection.interact.mo.solar_panel.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.mo.star_map.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Star Map
fe.protection.interact.mo.transporter.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Transporter
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Block
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.black.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Black Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.blue.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.brown.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.cyan.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.gray.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.green.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Green Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.lime.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.magenta.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.orange.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tritanium_crate.orange.name
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.pink.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.purple.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.red.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.silver.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.white.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT White Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.yellow.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tritanium_crate.yellow.name
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.interact.mo.weapon_station.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Weapon Station
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.airex.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.airex.name
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.blockrotator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT FakeRotator
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.carrotgravitized.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots(+G)
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.chestgravitized.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chest(+G)
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.cropgravitized.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crops(+G)
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.dirtgrassex.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT StarDirt
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.gravitycore.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT GravityCore
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.gravitywall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT GravityWall
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.innercore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT InnerStarCore
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.manbazooka.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT ManBazooka
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.navigator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Navigator
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.outercore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT OuterStarCore
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.potatogravitized.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Potatos(+G)
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.rflowergravitized.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rflowergravitized.name
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.saplinggravitized.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.saplinggravitized.name
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.starbedbody.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.starbedbody.name
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.starbedhead.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.starbedhead.name
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.tallgrassgravitized.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tallgrassgravitized.name
fe.protection.interact.modJ_StarMiner.yflowergravitized.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.yflowergravitized.name
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Laser Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.interact.props.blockFake.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.props.blockProps.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.mazeGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Maze Generator
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.naturalFloor.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Generic Solid
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.negativeSpace.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Generic Space
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.structureGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Generator
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spawn Command Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Activity Probe
fe.protection.interact.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block Protector
fe.protection.interact.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Builder Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Counter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.interact.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.interact.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.interact.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.interact.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dialing Device
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Builder
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Editor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.interact.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.interact.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Extractor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Environmental Controller
fe.protection.interact.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Item Filter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.machineBase.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Base
fe.protection.interact.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Frame
fe.protection.interact.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Infuser
fe.protection.interact.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Material Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Beamer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Booster
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Modular Storage
fe.protection.interact.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pearl Injector
fe.protection.interact.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Proxy Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Power Relay
fe.protection.interact.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Remote Storage
fe.protection.interact.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT RF Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Screen
fe.protection.interact.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Screen Controller
fe.protection.interact.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Screen
fe.protection.interact.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Security Manager
fe.protection.interact.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sequencer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Template
fe.protection.interact.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Simple Dialer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spawner
fe.protection.interact.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Storage Scanner
fe.protection.interact.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Support Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Time Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Timer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Core
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryComputerPort.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryControler.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Controller
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryElectrode.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Electrode
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryGlass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Glass
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryPowerTap.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryWall.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Wall
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BlockGraphite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Graphite
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.blockcontroler.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Super Conductor Controller
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.blockwire.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Super Conductor
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT RF Meter
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.place.*                                                                            # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Allium
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carrot
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Daisy
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dandelion
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orchid
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Poppy
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Potato
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Mushroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sugarcane
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ash Stone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crag Rock
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Moss
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tree Moss
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turnip
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wisteria
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ender IO
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rail
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reservoir
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Telepad Block
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chandelier
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ender Collector
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.place.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pottery Table
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compost Bin
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garden Proxy
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Garden Soil
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Small Fire
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Chain
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Garden Lantern
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lattice
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lattice
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Chain
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Candelilla
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Strange Plant
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Post
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Post Fence
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rope
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Silken Nectar
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bee Hive
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Culture Jar
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Press
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Press
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Common Grapes
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grape Leaves
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosia
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Port Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Common Hops
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Paddy Rice
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Divine Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.JABBA.barrel.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE BioFuel
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE DetCord
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fertile Soil
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Meat
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Essence
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sewage
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.cube.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.detector.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.frame.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.ore.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Residual Heat
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.signal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.slab.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.stair.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Notification Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.place.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.place.SimpleLabels.label.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Deep Storage Label
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel I
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel II
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel III
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel IV
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar5.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel V
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar6.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel VI
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.fluid.petrotheum.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.place.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.place.Translocator.translocator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                              # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.armourLibrary.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.armourersworkshop:armourLibrary.name
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.armourerBrain.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Armourer
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.awBoundingBox3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.armourersworkshop:armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox3.name
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourMixer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Colour Mixer
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Equipment Cube
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Equipment Cube
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlassGlowing.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlowing.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.doll.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Doll
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.dyeTable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dye Table
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.mannequin.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mannequin
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.miniArmourer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mini Armourer - (WIP)
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnable.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Skinnable Block
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.skinningTable.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Skinning Table
fe.protection.place.autopackager.packagerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.packagerBlock.name
fe.protection.place.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.place.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.auto_project_table.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Auto Project Table
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Paver
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Tile
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.bluepower.buffer.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Buffer
fe.protection.place.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Circuit Database
fe.protection.place.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Circuit Table
fe.protection.place.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Copper Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Copper Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.place.bluepower.deployer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Deployer
fe.protection.place.bluepower.ejector.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ejector
fe.protection.place.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.filter.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Filter
fe.protection.place.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flax
fe.protection.place.bluepower.igniter.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Igniter
fe.protection.place.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Indigo Flower
fe.protection.place.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Detector
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE RGB Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Inverted RGB Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampred.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE White Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.manager.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Manager
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Paver
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Tile
fe.protection.place.bluepower.project_table.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Project Table
fe.protection.place.bluepower.regulator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Regulator
fe.protection.place.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.place.bluepower.relay.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.place.bluepower.retriever.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Retriever
fe.protection.place.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silver Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Silver Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sorting Machine
fe.protection.place.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Teslatite Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.tiles.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.place.bluepower.transposer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.place.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Ore
fe.protection.place.camping.boundsHelper.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bounds Helper Block
fe.protection.place.camping.campfire.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Decorative Campfire
fe.protection.place.camping.campfireCook.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Campfire
fe.protection.place.camping.hemp.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hemp
fe.protection.place.camping.lantern.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.lantern.name
fe.protection.place.camping.light.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.light.name
fe.protection.place.camping.logSeat.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Log Seat
fe.protection.place.camping.sleepingBag.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sleepingBag.name
fe.protection.place.camping.tent.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tent
fe.protection.place.camping.trap.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.catwalkmod.cagedLadder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalkmod.scaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_tape.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_tape.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_lit.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_lit_tape.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_unlit.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_tape.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.scaffold.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Scaffold
fe.protection.place.catwalks.sturdy_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Rail
fe.protection.place.catwalks.sturdy_rail_activator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.catwalks.sturdy_rail_detector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.catwalks.sturdy_rail_powered.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Powered Rail
fe.protection.place.catwalks.support_column.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Support Column
fe.protection.place.cfm.barstool.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.basin.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.basin.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bath1.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bath2.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bin.*                                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.bin.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.birdbath.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.blender.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blender.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.blindoff.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.blindon.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.chairstone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.chairwood.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.choppingboard.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.computer.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.computer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.couch.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.counterdoored.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.countersink.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cup.*                                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.curtainon.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.doorbell.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.electricfence.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.firealarmon.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.freezer.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.fridge.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.hedge.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.hey.*                                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.hey.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.lampoff.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.lampon.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.mailbox.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.microwave.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Microwave
fe.protection.place.cfm.nyan.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.oven.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oven.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.pattern.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.plate.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.plate.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.present.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.present.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.printer.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.printer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showerbottom.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showerheadon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showertop.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.stereo.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.stonepath.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tablestone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tablewood.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tap.*                                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tap.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.toaster.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.toilet.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tree.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tree.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tv.*                                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tv.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.washingmachine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.whitefence.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.beacon.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.copperblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold2.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold_block.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.grimstone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.holystone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron2.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_block.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.leadblock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.leaves.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nation.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.present.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purpur
fe.protection.place.chisel.rebel.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.road_line.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.place.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.silverblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.steelblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical3.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical4.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templeblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tinblock.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch1.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch10.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch3.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch4.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch5.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch6.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch7.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch8.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch9.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.warningSign.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.place.denseores.block0.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.block1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.place.dungeonmobs.LavaRock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Magma Rock
fe.protection.place.dungeonmobs.bladetrap.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blade Trap
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockAfarm.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE AgriCraft Farming Station
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockBrine1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Brine
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockBrine2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Medium Brine
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockBrine3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Brine
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockBrine4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Solid Brine
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockChassis.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockChassis.name
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockCobbleworks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Framework
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockDrain.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Powered Drain
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockDummy.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDummy.name
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockFlag.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Flag
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockIHopper.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockMagCharger.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Charger
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockMilk.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockNiard.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Niard
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockPMon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockTcom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Loot Recycler
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockVoidTank.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Portal Tank
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockWaterworks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water Extraction Framework
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.rlever10.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.rlever30.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.rlever300.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.rlever60.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.place.eplus.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.eplus.arcane_inscriber.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Inscriber
fe.protection.place.eplus.enchantment_book.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.place.extracells.certustank.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.place.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.place.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.extracells.walrus.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.place.fairylights.fairy_lights_fastener.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fairy_lights_fastener.name
fe.protection.place.fairylights.fairy_lights_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fairy_lights_fence.name
fe.protection.place.fluxedCrystals.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fluxedcrystals.crystal.name
fe.protection.place.fluxedCrystals.gemCutter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gem Cutter
fe.protection.place.fluxedCrystals.gemRefiner.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gem Refiner
fe.protection.place.fluxedCrystals.poweredSoil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Powered Soil
fe.protection.place.fluxedCrystals.poweredSoilMana.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Powered Mana Soil
fe.protection.place.fluxedCrystals.seedInfuser.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Seed Infuser
fe.protection.place.fossil.amberOre.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Amber Ore
fe.protection.place.fossil.analyzer.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Analyzer
fe.protection.place.fossil.analyzerActive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.analyzerActive.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientChest.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Glass
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStoneSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancientStoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStoneSlabDouble.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancientStoneSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStoneStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStonebrick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWood.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wood
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodPillar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wood Pillar
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodPlate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wooden Plate
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancientWoodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodSlabDouble.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancientWoodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wooden Stairs
fe.protection.place.fossil.anu_block.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Anu Statue
fe.protection.place.fossil.anu_portal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.anu_portal.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.anubiteStatue.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Anubite Statue
fe.protection.place.fossil.bennettitales_large.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tall Bennettitales
fe.protection.place.fossil.bennettitales_small.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bennettitales
fe.protection.place.fossil.cultureVat.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Culture Vat
fe.protection.place.fossil.cultureVatActive.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cultureVatActive.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.denseSand.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dense Sand
fe.protection.place.fossil.feederActive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Feeder
fe.protection.place.fossil.feederIdle.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Feeder
fe.protection.place.fossil.fernBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Fern
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossil.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fossil
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossil_drum.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Drum
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossilfigurine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Figurine
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossilvaseAmphora.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaseAmphora.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossilvaseKylix.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaseKylix.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossilvaseVolute.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaseVolute.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossilworkbench.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.place.fossil.homePortal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Overworld Portal
fe.protection.place.fossil.horsetail_large.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tall Horsetail
fe.protection.place.fossil.horsetail_small.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Horsetail
fe.protection.place.fossil.icedStone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iced Stone
fe.protection.place.fossil.mutantPlant.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Failure Plant
fe.protection.place.fossil.obsidianSpikes.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Spikes
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Leaves
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheLog.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Log
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeoraphePlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Planks
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.palaeorapheSlab.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheSlabDouble.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Stairs
fe.protection.place.fossil.paleopanax.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Foozia
fe.protection.place.fossil.permafrost.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Permafrost
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_cephalotaxus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cephalotaxus
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_dillhoffia.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dillhoffia
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_licopodiophyta.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lycopodiophyta
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_sarracina.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sarracenia 
fe.protection.place.fossil.sarcophagus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mysterious Sarcophagus
fe.protection.place.fossil.sifter.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sifter
fe.protection.place.fossil.sifterActive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sifterActive.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.skullBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Skull
fe.protection.place.fossil.skullLantern.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Skull Lantern
fe.protection.place.fossil.slimeTrail.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Failuresaurus Trail
fe.protection.place.fossil.strongGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.place.fossil.tar.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tar
fe.protection.place.fossil.timeMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Time Machine
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicAsh.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Ash
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Brick
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicRock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.volcanicSlab.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicSlabDouble.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.volcanicSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicStairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Stairs
fe.protection.place.fossil.welwitschia.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Welwitschia
fe.protection.place.fossil.workbenchActive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.workbenchActive.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.zamites.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Zamites
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Item Robin
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Transformer
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block Mixer
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carriage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Green Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Door Factory
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Factory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Garage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jail Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Medieval Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mixed Block
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.null.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Player Sensor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Saloon Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Shoji Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.byzantine_brick.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_building.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_building.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_cropMaize.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropMaize.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_cropRice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropRice.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_cropTurmeric.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropTurmeric.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_cropVine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropVine.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_earth_deco.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_earth_deco.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_panel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_panel.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_panes.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_panes.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_path.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_path.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_path_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_path_slab.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_stone_deco.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_stone_deco.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_wood_deco.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_wood_deco.name
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ac.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Actinium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ag.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Silver
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Al.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Aluminium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Am.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Americium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ar.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Argon
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.As.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arsenic
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.At.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Astatine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Au.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gold
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.B.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Boron
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ba.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Barium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Be.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Beryllium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Bh.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bohrium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Bi.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bismuth
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Bk.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Berkelium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Br.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bromine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.C.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Carbon
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ca.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Calcium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Cd.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cadmium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ce.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cerium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Cf.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Californium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Cl.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chlorine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Cm.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Curium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Cn.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Copernicium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Co.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Cr.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chromium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Cs.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Caesium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Cu.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Copper
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Db.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dubnium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ds.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Darmstadtium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Dy.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dysprosium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Er.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Erbium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Es.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Einsteinium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Eu.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Europium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.F.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fluorine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Fe.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Iron
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Fm.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fermium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Fr.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Francium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ga.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gallium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Gd.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gadolinium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ge.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Germanium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.H.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.He.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Helium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Hf.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hafnium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Hg.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mercury
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ho.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Holmium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Hs.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hassium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.I.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iodine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.In.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Indium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ir.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Iridium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.K.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Potassium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Kr.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Krypton
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.La.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lanthanum
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Li.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lithium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Lr.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lawrencium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Lu.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lutetium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Md.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mendelevium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Mg.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magnesium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Mn.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Manganese
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Mo.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molybdenum
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Mt.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Meitnerium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.N.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nitrogen
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Na.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sodium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Nb.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Niobium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Nd.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Neodymium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ne.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Neon
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ni.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nickel
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.No.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nobelium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Np.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Neptunium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.O.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Os.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Osmium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.P.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Phosphorus
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Pa.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Protactinium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Pb.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lead
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Pd.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Palladium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Pm.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Promethium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Po.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Polonium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Pr.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Praseodymium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Pt.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Platinum
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Pu.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Plutonium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ra.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Radium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Rb.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rubidium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Re.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rhenium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Rf.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rutherfordium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Rg.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Roentgenium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Rh.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rhodium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Rn.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Radon
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ru.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ruthenium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.S.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Sb.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Antimony
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Sc.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Scandium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Se.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Selenium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Sg.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Seaborgium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Si.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Silicon
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Sm.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Samarium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Sn.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Sr.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Strontium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ta.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tantalum
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Tb.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Terbium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Tc.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Technetium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Te.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tellurium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Th.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thorium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Ti.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Titanium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Tl.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thallium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Tm.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thulium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.U.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Uranium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Uut.name.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ununtrium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.V.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Vanadium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.W.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Xe.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Xenon
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Y.name.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Yttrium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Yb.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ytterbium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Zn.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Zinc
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.element.Zr.name.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Zirconium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.aalc.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Allyl Alcohol
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.acetate.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Acetate (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.alinine.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Alanine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.almadine.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Almandine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumHypophosphite.name.*                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.molecule.aluminiumHypophosphite.name
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Aluminium Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.aluminiumPhosphate.name.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Aluminium Phosphate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.ammonia.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ammonia
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.ammonium.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ammonium (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.amphetamine.name.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amphetamine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.arginine.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arginine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.arsenicOxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arsenic Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.asbestos.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Asbestos
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.asparagine.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Asparagine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.asparticAcid.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Aspartic Acid
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.asprin.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aspirin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.augite.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Augite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.beryl.name.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Beryl
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.biotite.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Biotite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.blackPigment.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carbon Black
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.blueorgodye.name.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Guaiazulene
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.buli.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tert-Butyllithium
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.butene.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Butene
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.calcicPyroxene.name.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Calcic Pyroxene
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.calciumCarbonate.name.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Calcium Carbonate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.calciumOxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Calcium Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.carbonDioxide.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carbon Dioxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.carbonate.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carbonate (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.caulerpenyne.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Caulerpenyne
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.cellulose.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cellulose
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.cesiumHydroxide.name.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cesium Hydroxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.chromate.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chromate (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.chromite.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chromite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.cocaine.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cocaine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.cocainehcl.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cocaine Hydrochloride
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.cucurbitacin.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cucurbitacin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.cyanide.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Potassium Cyanide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.cysteine.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cysteine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.ddt.name.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE DDT
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.dimethyltryptamine.name.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimethyltryptamine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.dota.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE DOTA
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.ethanol.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ethyl Alcohol
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.fibroin.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fibroin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.fingolimod.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fingolimod
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.forsterite.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Forsterite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.franciumHydroxide.name.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Francium Hydroxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.fullrene.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carbon Nanotubes
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.gallicacid.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gallic Acid
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.galliumOxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gallium Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.galliumarsenide.name.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gallium Arsenide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.glucose.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glucose
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.glutamates.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glutamic Acid
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.glutamine.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glutamine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.glycine.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glycine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.glyphosate.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glyphosate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.greenPigment.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Green
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.hcl.name.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen Chloride
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.hist.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diphenhydramine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.histidine.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Histidine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.hperox.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen Peroxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydrogenSulfide.name.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen Sulfide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydronium.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hydronium (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydroxide.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hydroxide (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.hydroxylapatite.name.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Hydroxylapatite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.hypophosphite.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hypophosphite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.iron3oxide.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Iron (III) Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.ironOxide.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.isoleucine.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Isoleucine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.isoprene.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Isoprene
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.kaolinite.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kaolinite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.keratin.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Keratin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.latropine.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hyoscyamine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.lazurite.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lazurite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.lcd.name.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cholesteryl Benzoate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.leucine.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Leucine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.lightbluePigment.name.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Copper(II) Sulfate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.limePigment.name.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nickel(II) Chloride
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.lithiumHydroxide.name.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lithium Hydroxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.lysine.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lysine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnesiumCarbonate.name.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Magnesium Carbonate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnesiumOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magnesium Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.magnetite.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magnetite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.malicAcid.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Malic Acid
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.memethacrylate.name.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Methyl Methacrylate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.meoh.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Methyl Alcohol
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.mescaline.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mescaline
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.metasilicate.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Metasilicate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.metblue.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Methylene Blue
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.methamphetamine.name.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Methamphetamine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.methionine.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Methionine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.methyl.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Methyl (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.methylene.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Methylene (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.mt.name.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Methylcyclopentadienyl Manganese Tricarbonyl
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.mycotoxin.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE T-2 Mycotoxin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.nepheline.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nepheline
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.nitrate.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nitrate (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.nitrogenDioxide.name.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Nitrogen Dioxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.nodularin.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nodularin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.noselite.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Noselite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.oleicAcid.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oleic Acid
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.olivine.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Olivine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.omphacite.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Omphacite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.orangePigment.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Potassium Dichromate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.orthoclase.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orthoclase
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.pal2.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Batrachotoxin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.pantherine.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pantherine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.penicillin.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Penicillin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.peridot.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peridot
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.peroxide.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Peroxide (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.phenylalanine.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Phenylalanine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.phosgene.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Phosgene
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.phosphate.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Phosphate (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.plagioclaseAlbite.name.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Albite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.plagioclaseAnorthite.name.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Anorthite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.plat.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chloroplatinic Acid
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.pmma.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Poly(methyl methacrylate)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.polyisobutylene.name.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Polyisobutylene Rubber
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.polyvinylChloride.name.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Polyvinyl Chloride
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumHydroxide.name.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Potassium Hydroxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumNitrate.name.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Potassium Nitrate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.potassiumOxide.name.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Potassium Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.proline.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Proline
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.propane.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Propane
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.psilocybin.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Psilocybin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.purplePigment.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Potassium Permanganate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.purpleorgodye.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Delphinidin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.pyrite.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pyrite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.pyrope.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pyrope
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.radchlor.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Radium Chloride
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.redGarnet.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Garnet
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.redPigment.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt(II) Nitrate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.redorgodye.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pelargonidin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.retinol.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Retinol
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.rubidiumHydroxide.name.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rubidium Hydroxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.salt.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Salt
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.serine.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Serine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.shikimicAcid.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shikimic Acid
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.silicate.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silicate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.siliconDioxide.name.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Silicon Dioxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.siliconOxide.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silicon Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodalite.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sodalite
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumBisulfate.name.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sodium Bisulfate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumHydroxide.name.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sodium Hydroxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumOxide.name.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sodium Oxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.sodiumSulfate.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sodium Sulfate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.spessartine.name.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spessartine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.starch.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Starch
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.strontiumNitrate.name.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Strontium Nitrate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.sucrose.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sucrose
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfate.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sulfate (ion)
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfurDioxide.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur Dioxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.sulfuricAcid.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.talc.name.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Talc
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.tannicacid.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tannic Acid
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.testosterone.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Testosterone
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.tetrodotoxin.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tetrodotoxin
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.thc.name.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE THC
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.theobromine.name.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Theobromine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.threonine.name.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Threonine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.tnt.name.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trinitrotoluene
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.toluene.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Toluene
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.topaz.name.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Topaz
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.tryptophan.name.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tryptophan
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.tyrosine.name.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tyrosine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.valine.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Valine
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.vinylChloride.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vinyl Chloride Monomer
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.weedex.name.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aminocyclopyrachlor
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.whitePigment.name.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Titanium Dioxide
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.xanax.name.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Alprazolam
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.xylitol.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Xylitol
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.yellowPigment.name.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Potassium Chromate
fe.protection.place.minechem.fluid.molecule.zoisite.name.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zoisite
fe.protection.place.minechem.tile.blueprintProjector.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blueprint Projector
fe.protection.place.minechem.tile.chemicalDecomposer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chemical Decomposer
fe.protection.place.minechem.tile.chemicalSynthesizer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chemical Synthesizer
fe.protection.place.minechem.tile.fusionWall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fusionWall.name
fe.protection.place.minechem.tile.ghostBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minechem.tile.leadChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leaded Chest
fe.protection.place.minechem.tile.opticalMicroscope.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Microscope
fe.protection.place.minechem.tile.oreUranium.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.mo.android_spawner.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Rogue Android Spawner
fe.protection.place.mo.android_station.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Android Station
fe.protection.place.mo.bounding_box.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.mo.charging_station.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Charging Station
fe.protection.place.mo.contract_market.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Contract Market
fe.protection.place.mo.decomposer.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Matter Decomposer
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.beams.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Grate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.carbon_fiber_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carbon Fiber Plate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.clean.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Smooth Plate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.coils.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coils
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.engine_exhaust_plasma.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Engine Exhaust Plasma
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.floor_noise.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Linoleum Floor
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.floor_tile_white.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Floor Tiles
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.floor_tiles.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Floor Tiles
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.floor_tiles_green.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Floor Tiles
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.holo_matrix.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Holographic Matrix
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.matter_tube.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Matter Tube
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.separator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Rail
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.stripes.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stripes
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.tritanium_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Lamp
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_colored.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Colored Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_stripe.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Plate Guided
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.vent.bright.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vent
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.vent.dark.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Vent
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.white_plate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soft Wall Plates
fe.protection.place.mo.dilithium_ore.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dilithium Ore
fe.protection.place.mo.force_glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Glass
fe.protection.place.mo.fusion_reactor_coil.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Coil
fe.protection.place.mo.fusion_reactor_controller.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Controller
fe.protection.place.mo.fusion_reactor_io.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor IO
fe.protection.place.mo.gravitational_anomaly.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gravitational Anomaly
fe.protection.place.mo.gravitational_stabilizer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gravitational Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.mo.heavy_matter_pipe.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Duty Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.place.mo.holo_sign.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Holographic Sign
fe.protection.place.mo.inscriber.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Inscriber
fe.protection.place.mo.machine_hull.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Machine Hull
fe.protection.place.mo.matter_analyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Matter Analyzer
fe.protection.place.mo.matter_pipe.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.place.mo.matter_plasma.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Matter Plasma
fe.protection.place.mo.matter_recycler.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Matter Recycler
fe.protection.place.mo.microwave.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Microwave
fe.protection.place.mo.molten_tritanium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tritanium
fe.protection.place.mo.network_pipe.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Matter Network Cable
fe.protection.place.mo.network_router.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Matter Network Router
fe.protection.place.mo.network_switch.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Matter Network Switch
fe.protection.place.mo.pattern_monitor.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Monitor
fe.protection.place.mo.pattern_storage.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Storage
fe.protection.place.mo.replicator.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Matter Replicator
fe.protection.place.mo.solar_panel.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.mo.star_map.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Star Map
fe.protection.place.mo.transporter.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Transporter
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Block
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.black.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.blue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.brown.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.cyan.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.gray.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.green.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.name
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.lime.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.magenta.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.orange.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tritanium_crate.orange.name
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.pink.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.purple.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.red.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.silver.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.white.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.yellow.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tritanium_crate.yellow.name
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_ore.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.place.mo.weapon_station.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Station
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.airex.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.airex.name
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.blockrotator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE FakeRotator
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.carrotgravitized.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Carrots(+G)
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.chestgravitized.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chest(+G)
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.cropgravitized.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crops(+G)
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.dirtgrassex.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE StarDirt
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.gravitycore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE GravityCore
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.gravitywall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE GravityWall
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.innercore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE InnerStarCore
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.manbazooka.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE ManBazooka
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.navigator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Navigator
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.outercore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE OuterStarCore
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.potatogravitized.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Potatos(+G)
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.rflowergravitized.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.rflowergravitized.name
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.saplinggravitized.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.saplinggravitized.name
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.starbedbody.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.starbedbody.name
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.starbedhead.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.starbedhead.name
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.tallgrassgravitized.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tallgrassgravitized.name
fe.protection.place.modJ_StarMiner.yflowergravitized.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.yflowergravitized.name
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.place.props.blockFake.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.props.blockProps.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.mazeGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Maze Generator
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.naturalFloor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Generic Solid
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.negativeSpace.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Generic Space
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.structureGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Structure Generator
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spawn Command Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Activity Probe
fe.protection.place.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Biome Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block Protector
fe.protection.place.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Counter
fe.protection.place.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.place.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.place.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.place.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.place.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.place.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dialing Device
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Builder
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Editor
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.place.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.place.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Energy Extractor
fe.protection.place.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Environmental Controller
fe.protection.place.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Filter
fe.protection.place.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.machineBase.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Machine Base
fe.protection.place.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Machine Frame
fe.protection.place.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Machine Infuser
fe.protection.place.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Material Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Matter Beamer
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matter Booster
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Matter Receiver
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.place.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Modular Storage
fe.protection.place.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pearl Injector
fe.protection.place.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Proxy Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.place.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.place.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Power Relay
fe.protection.place.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Remote Storage
fe.protection.place.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE RF Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.place.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Screen Controller
fe.protection.place.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.place.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Security Manager
fe.protection.place.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sequencer
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Shield Template
fe.protection.place.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Simple Dialer
fe.protection.place.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.place.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spawner
fe.protection.place.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Storage Scanner
fe.protection.place.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Support Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Time Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Timer
fe.protection.place.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Core
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryComputerPort.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryControler.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Battery Controller
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryElectrode.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Battery Electrode
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryGlass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Battery Glass
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryPowerTap.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryWall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Battery Wall
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BlockGraphite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Graphite
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.blockcontroler.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Super Conductor Controller
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.blockwire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Super Conductor
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE RF Meter
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Variable Redstone Emitter
