#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 02.02 07:20 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 16558 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                                            # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.clipper.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Clipper
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.clipping.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Clipping
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.cropsItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crop Sticks
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.debugger.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Debugger
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.handRake.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.journal.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.magnifyingGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedAllium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Allium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedCactus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedCarrot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedDaisy.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Daisy Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedDandelion.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dandelion Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedOrchid.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Orchid Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedPoppy.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Poppy Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedPotato.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedShroomBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedShroomRed.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedSugarcane.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedTulipOrange.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedTulipPink.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedTulipRed.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Red Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedTulipWhite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT White Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.trowel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Chase
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lock and Key
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Screw Gun
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Reading Glasses
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Drafting Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Big Writing Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Eternal Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Board
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Saw
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Sheet
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Drill
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Painting Canvas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Plumb line
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Slotted Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack1.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack2.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack3.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack4.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack5.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Staff
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Axe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Essence
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Radar
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Boots
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.bucket.name
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dart
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dart Blower
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Enderporter
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Flippers
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Berry
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Jar
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Jar
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Brick
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Ball
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Sword
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wading Boots
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Axe
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Boots
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Plate
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Helm
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Leggings
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Pick
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Shears
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT The Ender
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Spawner
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Conduit Facade
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Conduit Probe
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT "Enderios"
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Enderface
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemGasConduit.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Glider Wing
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Item Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ME Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Chassis
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electromagnet
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Powder
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Vial
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Experience Rod
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.craft.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pouch
fe.protection.craft.EnderTech.endertech.exchanger.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Angel Ring
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Healing Axe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Division Sigil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Etheric Sword
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Glove
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Lasso
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Heating Coil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Kikoku
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ERR
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soul fragment
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Scanner
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Precision Shears
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Watering Can
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unnamed
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.craft.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern_dirty.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.compost_pile.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Compost
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.garden_trowel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Garden Trowel
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.soil_test_kit.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.soil_test_kit_used.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Used Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.wax.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wax
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.candle.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Candle
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.chain_link.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chain Link
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.iron_nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.moss_paste.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Moss Paste
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_ingot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_nugget.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.GardenTrees.candelilla.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Candelilla
fe.protection.craft.GardenTrees.candelilla_seeds.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Candelilla Seeds
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft.grc.rope.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rope
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCider.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.0.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.1.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.2.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.3.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.4.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Silken Nectar Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.5.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.6.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCider_bucket.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Core
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bamboo.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooCoal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Charcoal
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoorItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Door
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooRaft.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Raft
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShootFood.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.bee.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bee
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyComb.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyCombEmpty.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyCombFilled.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyJar.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Honey
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMead.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mead
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.0.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.1.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.2.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.3.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.4.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.5.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.6.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMead_bucket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.chievItemDummy.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.grc.chievItemDummy.name
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.waterBag.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bag (White)
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.yeast.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Brewers Yeast
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Common Grape Seeds
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWine.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Wine
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.0.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.1.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.2.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.3.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.4.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ambrosia Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.5.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Port Wine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.6.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.7.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWine_bucket.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Wine Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapes.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Common Grapes
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAle.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ale
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.0.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.1.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.2.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.3.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.4.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.5.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.6.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.7.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.8.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAle_bucket.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopSeeds.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Common Hop Seeds
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hops.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Common Hops
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lager.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lager
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.0.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lager Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.1.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lager Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.2.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lager Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.3.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lager Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.4.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lager Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.5.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lager Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.6.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lager Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.rice.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Paddy Rice Grain
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBall.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Onigiri
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSake.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sake
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.0.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sake Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.1.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sake Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.2.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sake Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.3.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sake Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.4.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Divine Sake Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.5.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sake Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.6.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sake Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSake_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sake Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Casing
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Jerrycan
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Treated Stick
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Railgun
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Revolver
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Shader
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.hammer.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.mover.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Storage upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sticker
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Â§8Black Balloon
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Fuel
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Brine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Clump
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Configurator
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dictionary
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Bow
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Tablet
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Iron
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Factory Installer
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FilterCard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Filter Card
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flamethrower
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Free Runners
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Mask
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Â§8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Network Reader
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Robit
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sawdust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Tank
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Seismic Reader
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shard
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Substrate
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Teleportation Core
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hohlraum
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Panel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.biofuel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT BioFuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.chocolatemilk.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.essence.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Essence Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.meat.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.mushroomsoup.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Soup Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.pinkslime.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Slime Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sewage.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sewage Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sludge.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.ceramicdye.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ceramic Dye (White)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.fertilizer.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.fishingrod.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Precision Sledgehammer
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.laserfocus.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Laser Focus (White)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.cooked.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Meat Ingot
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.raw.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meat Ingot
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.cooked.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.raw.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.milkbottle.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Bottle
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.anvil.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Anvil)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.empty.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Magazine
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.fire.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Fire)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.lava.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Lava)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.pierce.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Shrapnel)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sewage.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Sewage)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sludge.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Sludge)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.standard.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Needles)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.bag.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Bag
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.boots.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Boots
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.cup.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Cup
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.raw.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Plastic
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.sheet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Sheets
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.portaspawner.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT PortaSpawner
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.potatolauncher.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Cannon
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.record.blank.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Record
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.memorycard.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT PRC Memory Card
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.meter.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT RedNet Meter
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rocket.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tracking Self-Propelled Anti Material Rocket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rocketlauncher.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT SPAMR Launcher
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.bar.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Bar
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.raw.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Rubber
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.ruler.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ruler
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.fancy.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.launcher.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Safari Net Launcher
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.reusable.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Safari Net (Reusable)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.singleuse.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Safari Net (Single-Use)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.spyglass.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spyglass
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.straw.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Straw
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.sugarcharcoal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.cure.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT De-Zombification Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.empty.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.growth.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Growth Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.health.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Health Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.slime.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Embiggening Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.zombie.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.logic.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT PRC LX-100 Logic Expansion Card
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.radius.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade (Lapis)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.xpextractor.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT XP Extractor
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.chemicalX.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical X
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.creeperShard.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Shard
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.creeperStats.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Stats
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.endersoulHand.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Endersoul Hand
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.hulkHammer.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hulk Hammer
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.mcSpawnEgg.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcSpawnEgg
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorBoots.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mutant Skeleton Boots
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorChest.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mutant Skeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorHead.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mutant Skeleton Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorLegs.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mutant Skeleton Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MutantCreatures.item.skeletonPart.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Limb
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cartographer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Backpack
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Control
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cursor
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT /dev/null
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Eraser
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT XP Bucket
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glider Wing
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pointer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden eye
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hang Glider
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Height Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Luggage
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Brush
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pedometer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Badass Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Slimalyzer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sponge
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Squeegee
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stencil
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tasty Clay
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cargo Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gift Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tank Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Work Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.dust.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Emblem
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cut Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Can
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Cell
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Coke
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bleached Clay
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Controller Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Rail
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rebar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Lamp
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tie
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Disk
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Routing Table
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Meter
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shears
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Capsule
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Painter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodstone
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Grower
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Sword
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Drop Filter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Letter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.filter.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Block Filter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Ginto
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Flask of Poison
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Player Core
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Magnetic Force
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sound Recorder
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Boots
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Key
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Sword
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spirit Binder
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Stone
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.armor.bootsFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.armor.helmetFlux.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.armor.legsFlux.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.armor.plateFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.material.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.axeFlux.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.battleWrenchFlux.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.bowFlux.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.fishingRodFlux.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.pickaxeFlux.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.shovelFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.sickleFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.swordFlux.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.wrenchFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.mirror.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mirror
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.solarCell1.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Photovoltaic cell I
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.solarCell2.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Photovoltaic cell II
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.solarCell3.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Photovoltaic cell III
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.solarCell4.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Photovoltaic cell IV
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeBlank.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blank upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeCapacity.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Capacity upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeEfficiency.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Efficiency upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeFurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeLowLight.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Low light upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeTransferRate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Transfer rate upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeTraversal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Machine traversal upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SpiceOfLife.bookfoodjournal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Food Journal
fe.protection.craft.SpiceOfLife.lunchbag.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lunch Bag
fe.protection.craft.SpiceOfLife.lunchbox.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lunch Box
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cover
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Filter
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Relay
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Retriever
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Servo
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Chiller
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Schematic
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Florb (EmptyÂ§r)
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Igniter
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Multimeter
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT FluiVac
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Satchel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT BattleWrench
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Sword
fe.protection.craft.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Private Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Remote
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT REP
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Receiver Dish
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT REther Pearl
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Bowl
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.craft.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpAluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpTritanium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpYellorium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpZinc.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedAluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedGold.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Gold Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedIron.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedLead.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Lead Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedOsmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedSilver.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Silver Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedTin.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Tin Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedTritanium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedYellorium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedZinc.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalAluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalTritanium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalYellorium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalZinc.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAluminum.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyTritanium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyYellorium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyZinc.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardAluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardTritanium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardYellorium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardZinc.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Shard
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT 128Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT 16Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT 2Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT View Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Biometric Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Staff
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Cannon
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Memory Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Network Tool
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainer.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerChest.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerFeet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Feet Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerHead.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Head Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerLegs.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Legs Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.blockMarker.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Block Marker
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.burnTool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Burn Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.colourNoiseTool.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Colour Noise Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.colourPicker.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Colour Picker
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.dodgeTool.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dodge Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.dyeBottle.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dye Bottle
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Equipment Skin
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkinTemplate.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Equipment Skin Template
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.guideBook.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Guide Book
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.hueTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hue Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.mannequinTool.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mannequin Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.paintRoller.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Roller
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.paintbrush.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.shadeNoiseTool.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shade Noise Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.soap.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Soap
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.wandOfStyle.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Of Style
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Saw
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.athame.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Athame
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.blue_alloy_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.blue_doped_wafer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Doped Wafer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.bluestone_anode_tile.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Anode Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.bluestone_cathode_tile.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.bluestone_pointer_tile.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.bluestone_wire_tile.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Wire Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.brass_ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Canvas
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.canvas_bag.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Canvas Bag
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.copper_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.copper_wire.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Copper Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.diamond_drawplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Drawplate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.diamond_sickle.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.flax_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flax Seeds
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.gold_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.indigo_dye.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Indigo Dye
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.infused_teslatite_dust.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Teslatite Dust
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.iron_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.iron_wire.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Iron Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.lumar.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT White Lumar
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.paint_brush.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Paint Brush
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.paint_can.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Paint Can
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.accelerator.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Accelerator
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.and.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT AND Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.buffer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Buffer Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.inverted.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.inverted.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.comparator.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Comparator
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.counter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Counter
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.black.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.black.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Black Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Blue Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Brown Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Gray Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.green.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Green Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.green.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Green Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Lime Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Orange Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Pink Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Purple Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.red.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Red Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.red.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Red Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.white.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.white.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit3x3.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 3x3 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit5x5.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 5x5 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit7x7.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 7x7 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.inverter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverter
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.lightCell.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Light Sensor
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.magTube.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Magtube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.multiplexer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Multiplexer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.nand.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT NAND Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.nor.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT NOR Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.not.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT NOT Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.nullcell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Null Cell
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.or.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT OR Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.pneumaticTube.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.pneumaticTubeOpaque.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Opaque Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.pulseformer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pulse Former
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.randomizer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Randomizer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.regulabletorch.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Regulable Torch
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.repeater.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Repeater
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.restrictionTube.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Restriction Tube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.restrictionTubeOpaque.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Opaque Restriction Tube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.rs.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT RS Latch
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.sequencer.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sequencer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.state.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT State Cell
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.synchronizer.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Synchronizer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.timer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Timer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.toggle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Toggle Latch
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.transparent.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Transparent Latch
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.black.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.blue.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.brown.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.black.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.green.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.red.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.white.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT White Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.cyan.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.gray.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.green.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_blue.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_gray.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.lime.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.magenta.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.orange.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.pink.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.purple.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.red.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.white.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT White Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.yellow.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.black.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.blue.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.brown.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.black.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.green.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.red.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.white.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.cyan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.gray.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.green.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_blue.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_gray.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.lime.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.magenta.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.orange.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.pink.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.purple.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.red.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.white.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.yellow.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.black.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.blue.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.brown.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*            # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.gray.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.green.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.lime.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.orange.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.pink.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.purple.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.red.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.white.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.black.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.blue.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.brown.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.black.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.green.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.red.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.white.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.cyan.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.gray.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.green.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_blue.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_gray.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.lime.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.magenta.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.orange.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.pink.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.purple.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.red.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.white.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.yellow.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.black.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.blue.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.brown.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT White Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.gray.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.green.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Green Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.lime.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.orange.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.pink.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.purple.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.red.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Red Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.white.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT White Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.black.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.blue.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.brown.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.black.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.green.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.red.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.white.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT White Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.cyan.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.gray.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.green.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Green Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_blue.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_gray.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.lime.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.magenta.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.orange.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.pink.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.purple.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.red.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.white.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT White Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.yellow.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Analog Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.bundled.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Analog Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.bundled.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.xnor.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT XNOR Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.xor.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT XOR Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.purple_alloy_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.quartz_resonator_tile.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Resonator Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.red_alloy_ingot.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.red_doped_wafer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Doped Wafer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.redstone_anode_tile.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Anode Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.redstone_cathode_tile.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.redstone_pointer_tile.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.redstone_wire_tile.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Wire Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Axe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_gem.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_saw.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Saw
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Sword
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.screwdriver.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.screwdriver_handle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Screwdriver Handle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.seed_bag.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silicon_boule.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Boule
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silicon_chip_tile.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silicon_wafer.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Wafer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silky_screwdriver.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silky Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silver_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.stone_bundle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Bundle Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.stone_sickle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.stone_tile.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.tainted_silicon_chip_tile.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tainted Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.teslatite_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Teslatite
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.tungsten_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.tungsten_nugget.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.wood_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.wool_card.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wool Card
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_dust.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_ore_crushed.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_ore_purified.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_tiny_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zincplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Plate
fe.protection.craft.camping.animalParts.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT White Fur
fe.protection.craft.camping.armorFurBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fur Boots
fe.protection.craft.camping.armorFurChest.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fur Tunic
fe.protection.craft.camping.armorFurHelm.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fur Cap
fe.protection.craft.camping.armorFurLeg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fur Pants
fe.protection.craft.camping.backpack.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Backpack
fe.protection.craft.camping.hempItem.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hemp
fe.protection.craft.camping.kit.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Kit
fe.protection.craft.camping.knife.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Knife
fe.protection.craft.camping.marshmallowStickCooked.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Marshmallow Stick
fe.protection.craft.camping.parts.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Canvas
fe.protection.craft.camping.venisonCooked.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Venison
fe.protection.craft.camping.venisonRaw.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Venison
fe.protection.craft.catwalkmod.blowtorch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blowtorch Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.craft.catwalkmod.ropeLight.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Rope Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.craft.catwalkmod.steelGrate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel grate Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.craft.catwalks.blowtorch.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blowtorch
fe.protection.craft.catwalks.cautionTape.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Caution Tape
fe.protection.craft.catwalks.ropeLight.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Rope Light
fe.protection.craft.catwalks.steelgrate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Grate
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemBarStall.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bar Stool
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemBasin.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Basin
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemBath.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bath
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemBesideCabinet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemBin.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bin
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemBirdBath.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bird Bath
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemBlender.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blender
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemBlinds.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blind
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemBreadSlice.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bread Slice
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCabinet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cabinet
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCeilingLight.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ceiling Light
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemChairStone.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Chair
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemChairWood.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Chair
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemChoppingBoard.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chopping Board
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCoffeeTableStone.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Coffee Table
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCoffeeTableWood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Coffee Table
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemComputer.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Computer
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCookedFlesh.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Flesh
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCookieJar.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie Jar
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCoolPack.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cooling Pack
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCouch.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Couch
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCounterDoored.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Kitchen Counter
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCounterSink.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Kitchen Counter (Sink)
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCrayfish.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crayfish Head (Secret Item)
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCup.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cup
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemCurtains.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Curtain
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemDishWasher.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dishwasher
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemDollar.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemmoney.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemDoorBell.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Door Bell
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemDrink.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemdrink.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemElectricFence.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Fence
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemEnvelope.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Envelope
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemEnvelopeSigned.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemenvelopesigned.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemFireAlarm.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Alarm
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemFlesh.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Flesh
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemFridge.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fridge
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemHammer.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemHedgeBasic.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Hedge
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemHedgeBirch.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Hedge
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemHedgeJungle.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Hedge
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemHedgeSpruce.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spurce Hedge
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemInkCartridge.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Cartridge
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemKitchenCabinet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kitchen Cabinet
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemKnife.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Knife
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemLamp.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lamp
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemMailBox.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mail Box
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemMicrowave.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Microwave
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemOven.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Oven
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemOvenRangehood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Oven Overhead
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemPackage.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Package
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemPackageSigned.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.itempackagesigned.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemPlate.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Plate
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemPresentGreen.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Present
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemPresentRed.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Present
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemPrinter.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Printer
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemRecipeBook.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemShower.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shower
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemShowerHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shower Head
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemSoap.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Soap
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemSoapyWater.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Soapy Water
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemStereo.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stereo
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemStonePath.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Path
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemSuperSoapyWater.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Super Soapy Water
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemTV.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT TV
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemTableStone.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Table
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemTableWood.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Table
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemTap.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tap
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemToast.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Toast
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemToaster.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Toaster
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemToilet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Toilet
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemWallCabinet.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wall Cabinet
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemWashingMachine.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Washing Machine
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ItemWhiteFence.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT White Fence
fe.protection.craft.cfm.itemTree.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Christmas Tree
fe.protection.craft.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.craft.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Smashing Rock
fe.protection.craft.chisel.upgrade.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggBeholder.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Beholder
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggBladeTrap.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Blade Trap
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggCaveFisher.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Cave Fisher
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggCockatrice.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Cockatrice
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggDestrachan.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Destrachan
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggGhoul.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Ghoul
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggHellHound.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Hell Hound
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggHookHorror.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Hook Horror
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggIllithid.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Illithid
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggLizalfos.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Lizalfos
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggManticore.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Manticore
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggRakshasa.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Rakshasa
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggRustMonster.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Rust Monster
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggShrieker.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Shrieker
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggThoqqua.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Thoqqua
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggTroll.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Troll
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggUmberHulk.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Umber Hulk
fe.protection.craft.dungeonmobs.spawnEggVescavor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Vescavor
fe.protection.craft.enderioaddons.bucketBrine1.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Light Brine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.enderioaddons.bucketBrine2.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Brine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.enderioaddons.bucketBrine3.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Brine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.enderioaddons.bucketBrine4.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Solid Brine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.enderioaddons.itemMachineParts.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Machine Framework
fe.protection.craft.enderioaddons.itemModule.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Breeding Module
fe.protection.craft.eplus.enchantment_scroll.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Scroll
fe.protection.craft.eplus.tableUpgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Table Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.eplus.tomb_guardian.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tome: Enchanted Guardian
fe.protection.craft.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT null
fe.protection.craft.extracells.part.base.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.component.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.fairy_lights.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fairy Lights
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.garland.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vine Garland
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.light.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fairy Light
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.tinsel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tinsel Garland
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.crystalAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Testy Axe
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.crystalPick.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Testy Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.crystalShovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Testy Shovel
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.crystalSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Testy Sword
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.roughShard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rough Testy Shard
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.scytheDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.scytheGold.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Scythe
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.scytheIron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Scythe
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.scytheStone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Scythe
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.scytheWood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.seed.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Testy Seed
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.smoothShard.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Smooth Testy Shard
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.universalSeed.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Universal Seed
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.upgradeAutomation.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Automation Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.upgradeEfficiency.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Efficiency Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.upgradeNight.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nocturnal Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.fluxedCrystals.upgradeSpeed.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.fossil.AquaticScarabGem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Aquatic Scarab Gem
fe.protection.craft.fossil.DominicanAmber.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dominican Amber
fe.protection.craft.fossil.amber.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amber
fe.protection.craft.fossil.ancientClock.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Clock
fe.protection.craft.fossil.ancientHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Helmet
fe.protection.craft.fossil.ancientJavelin.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Javelin
fe.protection.craft.fossil.ancientKey.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Key
fe.protection.craft.fossil.ancientSword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Sword
fe.protection.craft.fossil.armBone.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops Arm Bone
fe.protection.craft.fossil.bioFossil.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bio-Fossil
fe.protection.craft.fossil.brokenAncientHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Ancient Helmet
fe.protection.craft.fossil.brokenAncientSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Ancient Sword
fe.protection.craft.fossil.claw.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops Horn
fe.protection.craft.fossil.confuciornisCooked.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Confuciusornis
fe.protection.craft.fossil.confuciornisRaw.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Confuciusornis
fe.protection.craft.fossil.cookedChickenSoup.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken Soup
fe.protection.craft.fossil.diamondJavelin.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Javelin
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dinoPedia.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT DinoPedia
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dinoRibCage.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops Rib Cage
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dinoSteak.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dino Steak
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaAllosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Allosaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaAnkylosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ankylosaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaBrachiosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brachiosaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaCeratosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ceratosaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaChicken.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaCoelacanth.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Coelacanth DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaCompsognathus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Compsognathus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaConfuciusornis.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Confuciousornis DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaCow.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cow DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaDeinonychus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Deinonychus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaDilophosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dilophosaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaDodo.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dodo DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaElasmotherium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Elasmotherium DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaGallimimus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gallimimus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaHorse.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Horse DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaLiopleurodon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Liopleurodon DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaMammoth.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mammoth DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaMosasaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mosasaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaNautilus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nautilus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaPachycephalosaurus.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pachycephalosaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaPig.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pig DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaPlesiosaur.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plesiosaur DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaPterosaur.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pteranodon DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaQuagga.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Quagga DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaSarcosuchus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sarcosuchus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaSheep.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sheep DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaSmilodon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Smilodon DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaSpinosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spinosaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaStegosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stegosaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaTRex.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tyrannosaurus DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaTerrorBird.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Terror Bird DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaTriceratops.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dnaVelociraptor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Velociraptor DNA
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dodoWing.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Dodo Wing
fe.protection.craft.fossil.dodoWingCooked.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Dodo Wing
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggAllosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT AllosaurusÂ Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggAnkylosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ankylosaurus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggBrachiosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brachiosaurus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggCeratosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ceratosaurus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggCoelacanth.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ocean Coelacanth
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggCompsognathus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Compsognathus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggConfuciusornis.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Confuciusornis Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggCultivatedChicken.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cultivated Chicken Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggCultivatedConfuciusornis.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cultivated Confuciusornis Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggCultivatedDodo.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cultivated Dodo Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggCultivatedTerrorBird.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cultivated Gastornis Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggDeinonychus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Deinonychus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggDilophosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dilophosaurus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggDodo.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dodo Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggGallimimus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gallimimus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggLiopleurodon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Liopleurodon Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggMosasaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mosasaurus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggNautilus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Living Nautilus
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggPachycephalosaurus.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pachycephalosaurus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggPlesiosaur.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plesiosaur Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggPterosaur.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pteranodon Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggSarcosuchus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sarcosuchus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggSpinosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spinosaurus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggStegosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stegosaurus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggTRex.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tyrannosaurus Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggTerrorBird.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gastornis Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggTriceratops.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.eggVelociraptor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Velociraptor Egg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.embryoCow.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cow Embryo
fe.protection.craft.fossil.embryoElasmotherium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elasmotherium Embryo
fe.protection.craft.fossil.embryoHorse.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Horse Embryo
fe.protection.craft.fossil.embryoMammoth.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mammoth Embryo
fe.protection.craft.fossil.embryoPig.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Embryo
fe.protection.craft.fossil.embryoQuagga.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Quagga Embryo
fe.protection.craft.fossil.embryoSheep.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sheep Embryo
fe.protection.craft.fossil.embryoSmilodon.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Smilodon Embryo
fe.protection.craft.fossil.emptyShell.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Shell
fe.protection.craft.fossil.essenceofChicken.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Essence of Chicken
fe.protection.craft.fossil.failuresaurusFlesh.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Failuresaurus Flesh
fe.protection.craft.fossil.feet.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Feet
fe.protection.craft.fossil.fernSeeds.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Fern Spores
fe.protection.craft.fossil.foot.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops Foot
fe.protection.craft.fossil.fossilSeed.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fossilized Dillhoffia Seeds
fe.protection.craft.fossil.fossilSeed_fern.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fossilized Fern Spores
fe.protection.craft.fossil.goldJavelin.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Javelin
fe.protection.craft.fossil.icedMeat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Frozen Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.ironJavelin.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Javelin
fe.protection.craft.fossil.legBone.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops Leg Bone
fe.protection.craft.fossil.magicConch.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Conch
fe.protection.craft.fossil.music.anu.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fossil Record
fe.protection.craft.fossil.palaeSaplingFossil.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Petrified Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.craft.fossil.plantFossil.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Plant Fossil
fe.protection.craft.fossil.potteryShard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pottery Shard
fe.protection.craft.fossil.quaggaMeat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Quagga Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.quaggaMeatCooked.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Quagga Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawAllosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Allosaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawAnkylosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ankylosaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawBrachiosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brachiosaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawCeratosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ceratosaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawChickenSoup.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken Soup
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawCompsognathus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Compsognathus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawDeinonychus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Deinonychus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawDilophosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dilophosaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawGallimimus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gallimimus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawLiopleurodon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Liopleurodon Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawMosasaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mosasaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawNautilus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nautilus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawPachycephalosaurus.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pachycephalosaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawPlesiosaur.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plesiosaur Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawPterosaur.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pteranodon Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawSarcosuchus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sarcosuchus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawSpinosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spinosaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawStegosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stegosaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawTRex.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tyrannosaurus Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawTriceratops.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.rawVelociraptor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Velociraptor Meat
fe.protection.craft.fossil.record_bones.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fossil Record
fe.protection.craft.fossil.relicScrap.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Relic Scrap
fe.protection.craft.fossil.ribCage.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rib Cage
fe.protection.craft.fossil.sJL.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sio-Chiu-Le
fe.protection.craft.fossil.scarabAxe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scarab Axe
fe.protection.craft.fossil.scarabGem.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scarab Gem
fe.protection.craft.fossil.scarabHoe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scarab Hoe
fe.protection.craft.fossil.scarabPickAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Scarab PickAxe
fe.protection.craft.fossil.scarabShovel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scarab Shovel
fe.protection.craft.fossil.scarabSword.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Scarab Sword
fe.protection.craft.fossil.seed.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dillhoffia Seeds
fe.protection.craft.fossil.shinGuards.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shin Guards
fe.protection.craft.fossil.skull.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops Skull
fe.protection.craft.fossil.skullHelmet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Skull Helmet
fe.protection.craft.fossil.skullStick.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Skull Stick
fe.protection.craft.fossil.stoneJavelin.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Javelin
fe.protection.craft.fossil.stoneTablet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Tablet
fe.protection.craft.fossil.terrorBirdMeat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Terror Bird Leg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.terrorBirdMeatCooked.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Terror Bird Leg
fe.protection.craft.fossil.toothDagger.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tooth Dagger
fe.protection.craft.fossil.vertebrae.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Triceratops Vertebrae
fe.protection.craft.fossil.whip.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Whip
fe.protection.craft.fossil.woodJavelin.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Javelin
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fluix Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Green Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT SilverCurtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT White Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Custom Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Factory Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Jail Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Laboratory Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Rusty Handle
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Saloon Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Shoji Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_boudin.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_boudin.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_brickmould.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_brickmould.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineBoots.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_byzantineBoots.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_byzantineHelmet.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineLegs.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_byzantineLegs.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineMace.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_byzantineMace.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_byzantinePlate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_byzantinePlate.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineicon.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_byzantineicon.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_cacauhaa.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_cacauhaa.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_calva.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_calva.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_chickencurry.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_chickencurry.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_cider.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_cider.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_ciderapple.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_ciderapple.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_clothes.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.clothes_byz_wool.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_denier.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_denier.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_denier_argent.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_denier_argent.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_denier_or.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_denier_or.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_dwarves_amulet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_dwarves_amulet.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_feta.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_feta.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_ikayaki.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_ikayaki.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_indianstatue.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_indianstatue.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_lamb_cooked.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_lamb_cooked.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_lamb_raw.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_lamb_raw.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_maize.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_maize.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_marchmentComplete.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_marchmentComplete.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_masa.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_masa.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_mayanAxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_mayanAxe.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_mayanHoe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_mayanHoe.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_mayanMace.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_mayanMace.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_mayanPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_mayanPickaxe.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_mayanShovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_mayanShovel.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_mayanstatue.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_mayanstatue.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_negationWand.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_negationWand.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_normanAxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_normanAxe.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_normanBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_normanBoots.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_normanBroadsword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_normanBroadsword.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_normanHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_normanHelmet.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_normanHoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_normanHoe.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_normanLegs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_normanLegs.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_normanPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_normanPickaxe.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_normanPlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_normanPlate.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_normanShovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_normanShovel.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_obsidianFlake.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_obsidianFlake.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentBuildings.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentBuildings.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentItems.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentItems.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentSadhu.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentSadhu.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentVillageScroll.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentVillageScroll.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentVillagers.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_parchmentVillagers.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_purse.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_purse.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_rasgullaId.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_rasgullaId.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_raven_amulet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_raven_amulet.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_rice.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_rice.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_sake.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_sake.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_silk.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_silk.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_souvlaki.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_souvlaki.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_taichiSword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_taichiSword.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_tapestry.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_tapestry.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_tripes.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_tripes.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_turmeric.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_turmeric.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_udon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_udon.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_unknownPowder.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_unknownPowder.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_vegcurry.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_vegcurry.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_villageWand.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_villageWand.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_vine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_vine.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_wah.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_wah.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_wine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_wine.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_wine_basic.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_wine_basic.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.name
fe.protection.craft.millenaire.item.ml_yumiBow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.ml_yumiBow.name
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemAtomicManipulator.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Manipulator
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBlueprint.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.name.blueprintFusion
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ac.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ag.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.al.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.am.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.as.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.at.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.au.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.b.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ba.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.be.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bh.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bi.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bk.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.br.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.c.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ca.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cd.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ce.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cf.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cl.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cm.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cn.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.co.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cr.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cs.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cu.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.db.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.dy.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.er.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.es.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.eu.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.f.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fm.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fr.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ga.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.gd.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ge.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.h.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.he.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hf.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hg.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ho.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hs.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.i.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.in.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ir.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.k.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.kr.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.la.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.li.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.lr.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.lu.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.md.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mg.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mn.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mo.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mt.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.n.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.na.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.nb.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.nd.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ne.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ni.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.no.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.np.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.o.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.os.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.p.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pa.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pb.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pd.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pm.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.po.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pr.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pt.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pu.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ra.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rb.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.re.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rf.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rg.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rh.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rn.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ru.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.s.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sb.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sc.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.se.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sg.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.si.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sm.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sn.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sr.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ta.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tb.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tc.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.te.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.th.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ti.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tl.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tm.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.u.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.uut.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.v.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.w.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.xe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.y.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.yb.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.zn.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.zr.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aalc.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.acetate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.alinine.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.almadine.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumhypophosphite.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumoxide.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumphosphate.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ammonia.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ammonium.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.amphetamine.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.arginine.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.arsenicoxide.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asbestos.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asparagine.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asparticacid.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asprin.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.augite.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.beryl.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.biotite.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.blackpigment.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.blueorgodye.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.buli.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.butene.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calcicpyroxene.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calciumcarbonate.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calciumoxide.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.carbonate.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.carbondioxide.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.caulerpenyne.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cellulose.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cesiumhydroxide.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.chromate.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.chromite.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cocaine.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cocainehcl.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cucurbitacin.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cyanide.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cysteine.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ddt.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.dimethyltryptamine.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.dota.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ethanol.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fibroin.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fingolimod.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.forsterite.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.franciumhydroxide.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fullrene.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.gallicacid.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.galliumarsenide.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.galliumoxide.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glucose.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glutamates.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glutamine.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glycine.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glyphosate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.greenpigment.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hcl.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hist.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.histidine.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hperox.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydrogensulfide.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydronium.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydroxide.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydroxylapatite.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hypophosphite.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.iron3oxide.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ironoxide.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.isoleucine.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.isoprene.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.kaolinite.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.keratin.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.latropine.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lazurite.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lcd.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.leucine.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lightbluepigment.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.limepigment.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lithiumhydroxide.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lysine.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnesiumcarbonate.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnesiumoxide.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnetite.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.malicacid.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.memethacrylate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.meoh.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mescaline.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.metasilicate.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.metblue.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methamphetamine.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methionine.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methyl.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methylene.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mt.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mycotoxin.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nepheline.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nitrate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nitrogendioxide.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nodularin.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.noselite.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.oleicacid.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.olivine.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.omphacite.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.orangepigment.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.orthoclase.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pal2.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pantherine.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.penicillin.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.peridot.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.peroxide.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phenylalanine.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phosgene.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phosphate.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plagioclasealbite.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plagioclaseanorthite.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plat.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pmma.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.polyisobutylene.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.polyvinylchloride.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumhydroxide.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumnitrate.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumoxide.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.proline.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.propane.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.psilocybin.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.purpleorgodye.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.purplepigment.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pyrite.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pyrope.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.radchlor.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redgarnet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redorgodye.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redpigment.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.retinol.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.rubidiumhydroxide.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.salt.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.serine.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.shikimicacid.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.silicate.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.silicondioxide.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.siliconoxide.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodalite.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumbisulfate.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumhydroxide.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumoxide.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumsulfate.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.spessartine.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.starch.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.strontiumnitrate.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sucrose.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfurdioxide.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfuricacid.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.talc.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tannicacid.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.testosterone.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tetrodotoxin.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.thc.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.theobromine.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.threonine.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tnt.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.toluene.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.topaz.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tryptophan.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tyrosine.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.valine.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.vinylchloride.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.weedex.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.whitepigment.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.xanax.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.xylitol.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.yellowpigment.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.zoisite.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemElement.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT element.empty
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemJournal.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chemist's Journal
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemMolecule.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT molecule.cellulose
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemOpticalMicroscopeLens.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.name.concaveLens
fe.protection.craft.minechem.minechemPolytool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Polytool
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hopper Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.mo.android_pill.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Red Pill
fe.protection.craft.mo.battery.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_base.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Base
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_matter_extractor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Extractor
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_power_generator.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Power Generator
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_residential.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Residential Buildings
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_ship_hangar.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ship Hangar
fe.protection.craft.mo.contract.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Contract
fe.protection.craft.mo.creative_battery.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Battery
fe.protection.craft.mo.creative_pattern_drive.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Pattern Drive
fe.protection.craft.mo.data_pad.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Data Pad
fe.protection.craft.mo.dilithium_crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dilithium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.mo.earl_gray_tea.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
fe.protection.craft.mo.emergency_ration.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Emergency Ration
fe.protection.craft.mo.energy_pack.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Pack
fe.protection.craft.mo.forcefield_emitter.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Force Field Emitter
fe.protection.craft.mo.h_compensator.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Heisenberg Compensator
fe.protection.craft.mo.hc_battery.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT High Capacity Battery
fe.protection.craft.mo.integration_matrix.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Integration Matrix
fe.protection.craft.mo.ion_sniper.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ion Sniper
fe.protection.craft.mo.isolinear_circuit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Isolinear Circuit Mk1
fe.protection.craft.mo.machine_casing.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Casing
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_container.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Matter Container
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_container_full.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Full Matter Container
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_dust.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Dust
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_dust_refined.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Matter Dust
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_scanner.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Scanner
fe.protection.craft.mo.me_conversion_matrix.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Matter-Energy Conversion Matrix
fe.protection.craft.mo.network_flash_drive.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Network Flash Drive
fe.protection.craft.mo.omni_tool.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Omni Tool
fe.protection.craft.mo.pattern_drive.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pattern Drive
fe.protection.craft.mo.phaser.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Phaser
fe.protection.craft.mo.phaser_rifle.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Phaser Rifle
fe.protection.craft.mo.plasma_core.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Core
fe.protection.craft.mo.plasma_shotgun.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Shotgun
fe.protection.craft.mo.romulan_ale.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Romulan Ale
fe.protection.craft.mo.rouge_android_part.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Android Head
fe.protection.craft.mo.s_magnet.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Superconductor Magnet
fe.protection.craft.mo.scout_ship.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Scout Ship
fe.protection.craft.mo.security_protocol.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Security Protocol
fe.protection.craft.mo.ship_colonizer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Colonizer Ship
fe.protection.craft.mo.ship_factory.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ship Factory
fe.protection.craft.mo.sniper_scope.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sniper Scope
fe.protection.craft.mo.spacetime_equalizer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Space-Time Equalizer
fe.protection.craft.mo.transport_flash_drive.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Transport Flash Drive
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritainum_spine.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Spine
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Axe
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Boots
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_dust.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_nugget.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_plate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Sword
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Wrench
fe.protection.craft.mo.upgrade.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Shell
fe.protection.craft.mo.weapon_handle.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Weapon Handle
fe.protection.craft.mo.weapon_module_barrel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dilithium Focusing Matrix
fe.protection.craft.mo.weapon_module_color.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Color Module (Red)
fe.protection.craft.mo.weapon_receiver.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Weapon Receiver
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.blockgun.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Floating Block Gun(Short)
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.carrotgravitizeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot(+G)
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.earthstone.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Stone
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.g_arrow.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT G-Arrow
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.g_hook.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT G-Arrow With Rope
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.g_rapplegun.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT G-rappleGun
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.gravitycontroller.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT GravityController
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.lifesoup.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Life Soup
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.portablegravity.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Gravity
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.potatogravitizeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Potato(+G)
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.seedsgravitized.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds(+G)
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.solarwindFan.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT SolarWindFan
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.starbed.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT StarBed
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.starcontroller.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT StarController
fe.protection.craft.modJ_StarMiner.starcore_dust.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stardust
fe.protection.craft.moskeletons.item.FlameBone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Flame bone
fe.protection.craft.moskeletons.item.FrozenBone.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Frozen bone
fe.protection.craft.moskeletons.item.MinerHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Miner Helmet
fe.protection.craft.moskeletons.item.ObsidianBone.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Bone
fe.protection.craft.moskeletons.item.PirateSword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pirate Sword
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT IO Bus
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.craft.props.clay.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Red Crafting Clay
fe.protection.craft.props.props.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Creeper
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.artifactGenerationTag.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Artifact Generation Tag
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.blockSelector.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Block Selector
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.blockSelectorFloating.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Floating Block Selector
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.bookGenerationTag.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Book Generation Tag
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.inventoryGenerationSingleTag.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Single Item Generation Tag
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.inventoryGenerationTag.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Generation Tag
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.inventory_generation_component_tag.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Item Generation Component Tag
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.advanced_chainsaw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.advanced_drill.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.basic_chainsaw.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.basic_drill.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.flux_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Hoe
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.flux_infused_crusher.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Crusher
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.hardened_chainsaw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.hardened_drill.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.leadstone_chainsaw.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Leadstone Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.leadstone_drill.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leadstone Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.motor_eio.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Motor
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.motor_te.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Leadstone Motor
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.redstone_chainsaw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.redstone_drill.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.resonant_chainsaw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Resonant Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.resonant_drill.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Resonant Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.sj_replacement.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Soularium
fe.protection.craft.rfdrills.soul_crusher.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Soularium Crusher
fe.protection.craft.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.craft.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blindness Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Button Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Porter
fe.protection.craft.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Clock Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Computer Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Developers Delight
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dimension Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Template
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.craft.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.craft.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Flight Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Haste Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Diamond
fe.protection.craft.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.craft.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Information Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.craft.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.craft.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Night Vision Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Orphaning Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Peace Essence
fe.protection.craft.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Peaceful Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.craft.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Poison Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.craft.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Regeneration Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.craft.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT RFTools Manual
fe.protection.craft.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Saturation Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Security Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shape Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shard Wand
fe.protection.craft.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Slowness Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Smart Wrench
fe.protection.craft.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.craft.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.craft.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT unknown.name
fe.protection.craft.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Syringe
fe.protection.craft.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.craft.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Text Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.craft.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weakness Module
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.armorPlatings.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.simplyjetpacks.armorPlatings.name
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.components.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Strap
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.fluxpacks.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.simplyjetpacks.pack.te.name
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.fluxpacksCommon.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.simplyjetpacks.pack.name
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.jetpackFueller.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack Fueller
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.jetpacks.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.simplyjetpacks.pack.te.name
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.jetpacksCommon.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tuberous Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.mysteriousPotato.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mysterious Potato
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.particleCustomizers.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Particle Customizer (Default)
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.acidbucket.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.hook.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hook
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.hookBullet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hook Bullet
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.lightningfirework.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lightning rocket
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.zettaindustries.fakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.null.name
fe.protection.exist.*                                                                            # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.clipper.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Clipper
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.clipping.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Clipping
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.cropsItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crop Sticks
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.debugger.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Debugger
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.handRake.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.journal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.magnifyingGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedAllium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Allium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedCactus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedCarrot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedDaisy.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Daisy Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedDandelion.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dandelion Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedOrchid.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Blue Orchid Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedPoppy.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Poppy Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedPotato.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Potato Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedShroomBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Brown Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedShroomRed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedSugarcane.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedTulipOrange.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Orange Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedTulipPink.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pink Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedTulipRed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Red Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedTulipWhite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST White Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.trowel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Atlas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Atlas Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Chase
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lock and Key
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Screw Gun
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Reading Glasses
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Drafting Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Big Writing Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Eternal Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Framing Board
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Framing Saw
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Framing Sheet
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hand Drill
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Painting Canvas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Plumb line
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Slotted Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack3.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack4.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack5.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Staff
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Axe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Biome Essence
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biome Radar
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Boots
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.bucket.name
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dart
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dart Blower
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Enderporter
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Flippers
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Berry
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Empty Jar
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Honey Jar
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mud Brick
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mud Ball
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Gold Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mud Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stone Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Sword
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wading Boots
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dark Axe
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dark Boots
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dark Plate
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dark Helm
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dark Leggings
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dark Pick
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dark Shears
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST The Ender
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Broken Spawner
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Conduit Facade
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Conduit Probe
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST "Enderios"
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Enderface
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemGasConduit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Gas Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Glider Wing
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Item Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST ME Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Machine Chassis
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Electromagnet
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Silicon
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Coal Powder
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Energy Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Soul Vial
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Experience Rod
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.exist.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pouch
fe.protection.exist.EnderTech.endertech.exchanger.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Angel Ring
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Healing Axe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Division Sigil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Etheric Sword
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Glove
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Golden Lasso
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Heating Coil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Kikoku
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST ERR
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soul fragment
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Portable Scanner
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Precision Shears
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Watering Can
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unnamed
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.exist.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern_dirty.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.compost_pile.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Compost
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.garden_trowel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Garden Trowel
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.soil_test_kit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.soil_test_kit_used.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Used Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.wax.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wax
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.candle.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Candle
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.chain_link.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chain Link
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.iron_nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.moss_paste.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Moss Paste
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_ingot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_nugget.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.GardenTrees.candelilla.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Candelilla
fe.protection.exist.GardenTrees.candelilla_seeds.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Candelilla Seeds
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft.grc.rope.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rope
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCider.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.0.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.1.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.2.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.3.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.4.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Silken Nectar Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.5.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.6.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCider_bucket.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Apple Core
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bamboo.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooCoal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Charcoal
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoorItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Door
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooRaft.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Raft
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShootFood.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.bee.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bee
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyComb.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyCombEmpty.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyCombFilled.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyJar.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Honey
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMead.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mead
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.0.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.1.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.2.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.3.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.4.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.5.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.6.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMead_bucket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.chievItemDummy.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.grc.chievItemDummy.name
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.waterBag.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Water Bag (White)
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.yeast.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Brewers Yeast
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Common Grape Seeds
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWine.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Grape Wine
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.0.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.1.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.2.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.3.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.4.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ambrosia Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.5.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Port Wine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.6.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.7.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWine_bucket.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grape Wine Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapes.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Common Grapes
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAle.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ale
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.0.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.1.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.2.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.3.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.4.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.5.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.6.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.7.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.8.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAle_bucket.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ale Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopSeeds.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Common Hop Seeds
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hops.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Common Hops
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lager.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lager
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.0.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lager Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.1.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lager Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.2.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lager Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.3.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lager Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.4.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lager Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.5.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lager Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.6.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lager Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.rice.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Paddy Rice Grain
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBall.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Onigiri
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSake.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sake
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.0.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sake Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.1.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sake Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.2.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sake Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.3.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sake Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.4.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Divine Sake Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.5.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sake Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.6.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sake Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSake_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sake Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Empty Casing
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Jerrycan
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Treated Stick
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Railgun
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Revolver
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Shader
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.hammer.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.mover.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Storage upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sticker
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Â§8Black Balloon
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bio Fuel
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Brine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Clump
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Configurator
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dictionary
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electric Bow
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Energy Tablet
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Iron
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Basic Factory Installer
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FilterCard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Filter Card
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flamethrower
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Free Runners
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gas Mask
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Â§8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Network Reader
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Robit
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sawdust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Tank
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Seismic Reader
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shard
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Substrate
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Teleportation Core
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hohlraum
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Solar Panel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gold Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wood Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.biofuel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST BioFuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.chocolatemilk.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.essence.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Essence Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.meat.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Meat Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.mushroomsoup.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Soup Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.pinkslime.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pink Slime Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sewage.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sewage Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sludge.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.ceramicdye.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ceramic Dye (White)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.fertilizer.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.fishingrod.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Precision Sledgehammer
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.laserfocus.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Laser Focus (White)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.cooked.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Meat Ingot
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.raw.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meat Ingot
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.cooked.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.raw.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.milkbottle.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Milk Bottle
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.anvil.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Anvil)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.empty.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Magazine
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.fire.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Fire)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.lava.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Lava)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.pierce.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Shrapnel)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sewage.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Sewage)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sludge.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Sludge)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.standard.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Needles)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pink Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.bag.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Bag
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.boots.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Boots
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.cup.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Cup
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.raw.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Plastic
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.sheet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Sheets
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.portaspawner.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST PortaSpawner
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.potatolauncher.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Potato Cannon
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.record.blank.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blank Record
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.memorycard.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST PRC Memory Card
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.meter.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST RedNet Meter
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rocket.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tracking Self-Propelled Anti Material Rocket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rocketlauncher.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST SPAMR Launcher
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.bar.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Bar
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.raw.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Rubber
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.ruler.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ruler
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.fancy.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golden Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.launcher.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Safari Net Launcher
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.reusable.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Safari Net (Reusable)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.singleuse.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Safari Net (Single-Use)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.spyglass.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spyglass
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.straw.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Straw
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.sugarcharcoal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.cure.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST De-Zombification Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.empty.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Empty Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.growth.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Growth Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.health.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Health Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.slime.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Slime Embiggening Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.zombie.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.logic.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST PRC LX-100 Logic Expansion Card
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.radius.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade (Lapis)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.xpextractor.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST XP Extractor
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.chemicalX.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical X
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.creeperShard.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Shard
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.creeperStats.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Stats
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.endersoulHand.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Endersoul Hand
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.hulkHammer.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hulk Hammer
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.mcSpawnEgg.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.mcSpawnEgg
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorBoots.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mutant Skeleton Boots
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorChest.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mutant Skeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorHead.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mutant Skeleton Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorLegs.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mutant Skeleton Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MutantCreatures.item.skeletonPart.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Limb
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cartographer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crane Backpack
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crane Control
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cursor
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST /dev/null
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Epic Eraser
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST XP Bucket
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Glider Wing
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pointer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden eye
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hang Glider
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Height Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Luggage
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Paint Brush
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pedometer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Badass Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Slimalyzer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sponge
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Squeegee
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stencil
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tasty Clay
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cargo Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gift Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tank Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Work Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.dust.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Emblem
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cut Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Refined Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Can
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Cell
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steam Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Coal Coke
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bleached Clay
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Controller Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Standard Rail
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rebar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Signal Lamp
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tie
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Disk
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Routing Table
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Electric Meter
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Signal Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shears
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biome Capsule
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biome Painter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bloodstone
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Creative Grower
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Creative Sword
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Drop Filter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ender Letter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.filter.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Block Filter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Empty Ginto
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Flask of Poison
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Player Core
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Magnetic Force
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sound Recorder
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Boots
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Key
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Sword
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spirit Binder
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Stone
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.armor.bootsFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.armor.helmetFlux.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.armor.legsFlux.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.armor.plateFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.material.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.axeFlux.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.battleWrenchFlux.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.bowFlux.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.fishingRodFlux.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.pickaxeFlux.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.shovelFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.sickleFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.swordFlux.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.wrenchFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.mirror.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mirror
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.solarCell1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Photovoltaic cell I
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.solarCell2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Photovoltaic cell II
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.solarCell3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Photovoltaic cell III
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.solarCell4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Photovoltaic cell IV
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeBlank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blank upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeCapacity.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Capacity upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeEfficiency.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Efficiency upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeFurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Furnace upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeLowLight.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Low light upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeTransferRate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Transfer rate upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeTraversal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Machine traversal upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SpiceOfLife.bookfoodjournal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Food Journal
fe.protection.exist.SpiceOfLife.lunchbag.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lunch Bag
fe.protection.exist.SpiceOfLife.lunchbox.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lunch Box
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cover
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Filter
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Relay
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Retriever
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Servo
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flux Chiller
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Schematic
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Florb (EmptyÂ§r)
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flux Igniter
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Multimeter
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST FluiVac
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Creative Satchel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST BattleWrench
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Invar Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lead Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Invar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lead Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Silver Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tin Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Invar Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silver Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Invar Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lead Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Silver Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Invar Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lead Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Silver Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Invar Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lead Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Invar Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lead Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Invar Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lead Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Invar Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Sword
fe.protection.exist.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Private Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Remote
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST REP
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Receiver Dish
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST REther Pearl
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Bowl
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.exist.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpAluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpTritanium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpYellorium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpZinc.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedAluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedGold.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Gold Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedIron.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedLead.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Lead Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedOsmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedSilver.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Silver Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedTin.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Tin Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedTritanium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedYellorium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedZinc.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalAluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalTritanium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalYellorium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalZinc.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAluminum.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyTritanium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyYellorium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyZinc.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardAluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardTritanium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardYellorium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardZinc.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Shard
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                          # (default: true) EXIST 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                          # (default: true) EXIST 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                   # (default: true) EXIST 128Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                    # (default: true) EXIST 16Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                     # (default: true) EXIST 2Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST View Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Biometric Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Charged Staff
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Matter Cannon
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Memory Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Network Tool
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Portable Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainer.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerChest.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chest Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerFeet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Feet Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerHead.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Head Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerLegs.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Legs Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.blockMarker.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Block Marker
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.burnTool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Burn Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.colourNoiseTool.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Colour Noise Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.colourPicker.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Colour Picker
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.dodgeTool.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dodge Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.dyeBottle.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dye Bottle
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Equipment Skin
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkinTemplate.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Equipment Skin Template
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.guideBook.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Guide Book
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.hueTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hue Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.mannequinTool.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mannequin Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.paintRoller.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Paint Roller
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.paintbrush.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.shadeNoiseTool.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shade Noise Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.soap.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Soap
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.wandOfStyle.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Of Style
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Saw
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.athame.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Athame
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.blue_alloy_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blue Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.blue_doped_wafer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blue Doped Wafer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.bluestone_anode_tile.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Anode Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.bluestone_cathode_tile.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.bluestone_pointer_tile.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.bluestone_wire_tile.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Wire Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.brass_ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Brass Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Canvas
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.canvas_bag.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Canvas Bag
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.copper_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.copper_wire.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fine Copper Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.diamond_drawplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Drawplate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.diamond_sickle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.flax_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flax Seeds
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.gold_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gold Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.indigo_dye.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Indigo Dye
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.infused_teslatite_dust.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Infused Teslatite Dust
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.iron_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.iron_wire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fine Iron Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.lumar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST White Lumar
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.paint_brush.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Paint Brush
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.paint_can.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Paint Can
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.accelerator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Accelerator
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.and.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST AND Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.buffer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Buffer Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.inverted.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.inverted.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.comparator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Comparator
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.counter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Counter
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.black.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.black.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Black Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blue Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Blue Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Brown Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Brown Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gray Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Gray Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.green.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Green Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.green.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Green Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lime Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Lime Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Orange Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Orange Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pink Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Pink Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purple Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Purple Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.red.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Red Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.red.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Red Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.white.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.white.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit3x3.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 3x3 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit5x5.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 5x5 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit7x7.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 7x7 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.inverter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverter
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.lightCell.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Light Sensor
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.magTube.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Magtube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.multiplexer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Multiplexer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.nand.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST NAND Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.nor.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST NOR Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.not.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST NOT Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.nullcell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Null Cell
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.or.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST OR Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.pneumaticTube.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.pneumaticTubeOpaque.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Opaque Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.pulseformer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pulse Former
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.randomizer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Randomizer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.regulabletorch.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Regulable Torch
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.repeater.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Repeater
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.restrictionTube.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Restriction Tube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.restrictionTubeOpaque.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Opaque Restriction Tube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.rs.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST RS Latch
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.sequencer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sequencer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.state.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST State Cell
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.synchronizer.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Synchronizer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.timer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Timer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.toggle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Toggle Latch
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.transparent.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Transparent Latch
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.black.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.blue.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.brown.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Brown Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.black.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Brown Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.green.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Green Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lime Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pink Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Purple Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.red.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.white.*                                # (default: true) EXIST White Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.cyan.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.gray.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.green.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Green Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_blue.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_gray.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.lime.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lime Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.magenta.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.orange.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.pink.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pink Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.purple.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purple Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.red.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Red Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.white.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST White Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.yellow.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.black.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.blue.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.brown.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.black.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.green.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*              # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*              # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.red.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.white.*                   # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.cyan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.gray.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.green.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_blue.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_gray.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.lime.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.magenta.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.orange.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.pink.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.purple.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.red.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.white.*                           # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.yellow.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.black.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.blue.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.brown.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*            # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*            # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*             # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*             # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*            # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*       # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*       # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*             # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*          # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*           # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*             # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*           # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*              # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*            # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*           # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.gray.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.green.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*               # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*               # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.lime.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.orange.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.pink.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.purple.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.red.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.white.*                    # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.black.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.blue.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.brown.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.black.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.green.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*               # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*               # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.red.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.white.*                    # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.cyan.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.gray.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.green.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_blue.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_gray.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.lime.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.magenta.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.orange.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.pink.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.purple.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.red.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.white.*                            # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.yellow.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.black.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.blue.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.brown.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Brown Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Brown Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Green Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Lime Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Pink Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Purple Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*                         # (default: true) EXIST White Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.gray.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.green.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Green Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.lime.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lime Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.orange.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Orange Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.pink.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pink Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.purple.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Purple Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.red.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Red Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.white.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST White Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.black.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.blue.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.brown.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Brown Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.black.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Brown Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.green.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Green Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lime Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pink Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Purple Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.red.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Red Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.white.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST White Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.cyan.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.gray.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.green.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Green Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_blue.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_gray.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.lime.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lime Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.magenta.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.orange.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.pink.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pink Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.purple.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purple Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.red.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.white.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST White Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.yellow.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Digital Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Analog Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.bundled.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Analog Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.bundled.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Digital Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.xnor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST XNOR Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.xor.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST XOR Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.purple_alloy_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purple Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.quartz_resonator_tile.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Resonator Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.red_alloy_ingot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.red_doped_wafer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Doped Wafer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.redstone_anode_tile.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Anode Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.redstone_cathode_tile.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.redstone_pointer_tile.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.redstone_wire_tile.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Wire Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Axe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_gem.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ruby
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_saw.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Saw
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Sword
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.screwdriver.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.screwdriver_handle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Screwdriver Handle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.seed_bag.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silicon_boule.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Boule
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silicon_chip_tile.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silicon_wafer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Wafer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silky_screwdriver.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Silky Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silver_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Silver Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.stone_bundle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Bundle Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.stone_sickle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.stone_tile.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.tainted_silicon_chip_tile.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tainted Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.teslatite_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Teslatite
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.tungsten_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.tungsten_nugget.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.wood_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.wool_card.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wool Card
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_dust.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_ore_crushed.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_ore_purified.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_tiny_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zincplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Plate
fe.protection.exist.camping.animalParts.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST White Fur
fe.protection.exist.camping.armorFurBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fur Boots
fe.protection.exist.camping.armorFurChest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fur Tunic
fe.protection.exist.camping.armorFurHelm.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fur Cap
fe.protection.exist.camping.armorFurLeg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fur Pants
fe.protection.exist.camping.backpack.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Backpack
fe.protection.exist.camping.hempItem.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hemp
fe.protection.exist.camping.kit.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Empty Kit
fe.protection.exist.camping.knife.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Knife
fe.protection.exist.camping.marshmallowStickCooked.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Marshmallow Stick
fe.protection.exist.camping.parts.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Canvas
fe.protection.exist.camping.venisonCooked.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Venison
fe.protection.exist.camping.venisonRaw.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Venison
fe.protection.exist.catwalkmod.blowtorch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Blowtorch Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.exist.catwalkmod.ropeLight.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Light Rope Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.exist.catwalkmod.steelGrate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel grate Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.exist.catwalks.blowtorch.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blowtorch
fe.protection.exist.catwalks.cautionTape.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Caution Tape
fe.protection.exist.catwalks.ropeLight.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Rope Light
fe.protection.exist.catwalks.steelgrate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steel Grate
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemBarStall.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bar Stool
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemBasin.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Basin
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemBath.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bath
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemBesideCabinet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemBin.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bin
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemBirdBath.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bird Bath
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemBlender.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blender
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemBlinds.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blind
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemBreadSlice.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bread Slice
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCabinet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cabinet
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCeilingLight.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ceiling Light
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemChairStone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Chair
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemChairWood.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Chair
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemChoppingBoard.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chopping Board
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCoffeeTableStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Coffee Table
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCoffeeTableWood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Coffee Table
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemComputer.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Computer
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCookedFlesh.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Flesh
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCookieJar.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cookie Jar
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCoolPack.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cooling Pack
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCouch.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Couch
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCounterDoored.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Kitchen Counter
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCounterSink.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Kitchen Counter (Sink)
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCrayfish.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crayfish Head (Secret Item)
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCup.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cup
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemCurtains.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Curtain
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemDishWasher.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dishwasher
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemDollar.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.itemmoney.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemDoorBell.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Door Bell
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemDrink.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.itemdrink.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemElectricFence.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electric Fence
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemEnvelope.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Envelope
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemEnvelopeSigned.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.itemenvelopesigned.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemFireAlarm.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fire Alarm
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemFlesh.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Flesh
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemFridge.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fridge
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemHammer.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemHedgeBasic.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Oak Hedge
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemHedgeBirch.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Birch Hedge
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemHedgeJungle.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Hedge
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemHedgeSpruce.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spurce Hedge
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemInkCartridge.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ink Cartridge
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemKitchenCabinet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kitchen Cabinet
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemKnife.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Knife
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemLamp.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lamp
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemMailBox.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mail Box
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemMicrowave.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Microwave
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemOven.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Oven
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemOvenRangehood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Oven Overhead
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemPackage.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Package
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemPackageSigned.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.itempackagesigned.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemPlate.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Plate
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemPresentGreen.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Empty Present
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemPresentRed.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Empty Present
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemPrinter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Printer
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemRecipeBook.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemShower.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shower
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemShowerHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shower Head
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemSoap.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Soap
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemSoapyWater.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Soapy Water
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemStereo.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stereo
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemStonePath.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Path
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemSuperSoapyWater.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Super Soapy Water
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemTV.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST TV
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemTableStone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Table
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemTableWood.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Table
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemTap.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tap
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemToast.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Toast
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemToaster.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Toaster
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemToilet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Toilet
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemWallCabinet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wall Cabinet
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemWashingMachine.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Washing Machine
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ItemWhiteFence.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST White Fence
fe.protection.exist.cfm.itemTree.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Christmas Tree
fe.protection.exist.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.exist.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Smashing Rock
fe.protection.exist.chisel.upgrade.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggBeholder.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Beholder
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggBladeTrap.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Blade Trap
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggCaveFisher.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Cave Fisher
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggCockatrice.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Cockatrice
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggDestrachan.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Destrachan
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggGhoul.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Ghoul
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggHellHound.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Hell Hound
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggHookHorror.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Hook Horror
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggIllithid.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Illithid
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggLizalfos.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Lizalfos
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggManticore.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Manticore
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggRakshasa.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Rakshasa
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggRustMonster.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Rust Monster
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggShrieker.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Shrieker
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggThoqqua.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Thoqqua
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggTroll.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Troll
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggUmberHulk.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Umber Hulk
fe.protection.exist.dungeonmobs.spawnEggVescavor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Vescavor
fe.protection.exist.enderioaddons.bucketBrine1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Light Brine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.enderioaddons.bucketBrine2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Medium Brine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.enderioaddons.bucketBrine3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Brine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.enderioaddons.bucketBrine4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Solid Brine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.enderioaddons.itemMachineParts.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Empty Machine Framework
fe.protection.exist.enderioaddons.itemModule.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Breeding Module
fe.protection.exist.eplus.enchantment_scroll.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Scroll
fe.protection.exist.eplus.tableUpgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Table Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.eplus.tomb_guardian.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tome: Enchanted Guardian
fe.protection.exist.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST null
fe.protection.exist.extracells.part.base.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.component.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.fairy_lights.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fairy Lights
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.garland.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vine Garland
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.light.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fairy Light
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.tinsel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tinsel Garland
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.crystalAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Testy Axe
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.crystalPick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Testy Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.crystalShovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Testy Shovel
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.crystalSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Testy Sword
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.roughShard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rough Testy Shard
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.scytheDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.scytheGold.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gold Scythe
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.scytheIron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Scythe
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.scytheStone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Scythe
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.scytheWood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.seed.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Testy Seed
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.smoothShard.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Smooth Testy Shard
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.universalSeed.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Universal Seed
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.upgradeAutomation.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Automation Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.upgradeEfficiency.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Efficiency Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.upgradeNight.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Nocturnal Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.fluxedCrystals.upgradeSpeed.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.fossil.AquaticScarabGem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Aquatic Scarab Gem
fe.protection.exist.fossil.DominicanAmber.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dominican Amber
fe.protection.exist.fossil.amber.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amber
fe.protection.exist.fossil.ancientClock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Clock
fe.protection.exist.fossil.ancientHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Helmet
fe.protection.exist.fossil.ancientJavelin.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Javelin
fe.protection.exist.fossil.ancientKey.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Key
fe.protection.exist.fossil.ancientSword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Sword
fe.protection.exist.fossil.armBone.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops Arm Bone
fe.protection.exist.fossil.bioFossil.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bio-Fossil
fe.protection.exist.fossil.brokenAncientHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Broken Ancient Helmet
fe.protection.exist.fossil.brokenAncientSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Broken Ancient Sword
fe.protection.exist.fossil.claw.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops Horn
fe.protection.exist.fossil.confuciornisCooked.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Confuciusornis
fe.protection.exist.fossil.confuciornisRaw.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Confuciusornis
fe.protection.exist.fossil.cookedChickenSoup.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken Soup
fe.protection.exist.fossil.diamondJavelin.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Javelin
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dinoPedia.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST DinoPedia
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dinoRibCage.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops Rib Cage
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dinoSteak.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dino Steak
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaAllosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Allosaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaAnkylosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ankylosaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaBrachiosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brachiosaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaCeratosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ceratosaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaChicken.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chicken DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaCoelacanth.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Coelacanth DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaCompsognathus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Compsognathus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaConfuciusornis.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Confuciousornis DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaCow.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cow DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaDeinonychus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Deinonychus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaDilophosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dilophosaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaDodo.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dodo DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaElasmotherium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Elasmotherium DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaGallimimus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gallimimus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaHorse.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Horse DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaLiopleurodon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Liopleurodon DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaMammoth.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mammoth DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaMosasaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mosasaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaNautilus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Nautilus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaPachycephalosaurus.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pachycephalosaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaPig.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pig DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaPlesiosaur.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plesiosaur DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaPterosaur.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pteranodon DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaQuagga.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Quagga DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaSarcosuchus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sarcosuchus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaSheep.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sheep DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaSmilodon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Smilodon DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaSpinosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spinosaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaStegosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stegosaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaTRex.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tyrannosaurus DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaTerrorBird.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Terror Bird DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaTriceratops.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dnaVelociraptor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Velociraptor DNA
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dodoWing.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Dodo Wing
fe.protection.exist.fossil.dodoWingCooked.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Dodo Wing
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggAllosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST AllosaurusÂ Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggAnkylosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ankylosaurus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggBrachiosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brachiosaurus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggCeratosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ceratosaurus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggCoelacanth.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ocean Coelacanth
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggCompsognathus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Compsognathus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggConfuciusornis.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Confuciusornis Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggCultivatedChicken.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cultivated Chicken Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggCultivatedConfuciusornis.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cultivated Confuciusornis Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggCultivatedDodo.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cultivated Dodo Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggCultivatedTerrorBird.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cultivated Gastornis Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggDeinonychus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Deinonychus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggDilophosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dilophosaurus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggDodo.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dodo Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggGallimimus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gallimimus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggLiopleurodon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Liopleurodon Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggMosasaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mosasaurus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggNautilus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Living Nautilus
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggPachycephalosaurus.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pachycephalosaurus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggPlesiosaur.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plesiosaur Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggPterosaur.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pteranodon Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggSarcosuchus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sarcosuchus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggSpinosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spinosaurus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggStegosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stegosaurus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggTRex.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tyrannosaurus Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggTerrorBird.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gastornis Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggTriceratops.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.eggVelociraptor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Velociraptor Egg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.embryoCow.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cow Embryo
fe.protection.exist.fossil.embryoElasmotherium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elasmotherium Embryo
fe.protection.exist.fossil.embryoHorse.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Horse Embryo
fe.protection.exist.fossil.embryoMammoth.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mammoth Embryo
fe.protection.exist.fossil.embryoPig.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pig Embryo
fe.protection.exist.fossil.embryoQuagga.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Quagga Embryo
fe.protection.exist.fossil.embryoSheep.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sheep Embryo
fe.protection.exist.fossil.embryoSmilodon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Smilodon Embryo
fe.protection.exist.fossil.emptyShell.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Empty Shell
fe.protection.exist.fossil.essenceofChicken.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Essence of Chicken
fe.protection.exist.fossil.failuresaurusFlesh.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Failuresaurus Flesh
fe.protection.exist.fossil.feet.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Feet
fe.protection.exist.fossil.fernSeeds.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Fern Spores
fe.protection.exist.fossil.foot.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops Foot
fe.protection.exist.fossil.fossilSeed.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fossilized Dillhoffia Seeds
fe.protection.exist.fossil.fossilSeed_fern.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fossilized Fern Spores
fe.protection.exist.fossil.goldJavelin.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gold Javelin
fe.protection.exist.fossil.icedMeat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Frozen Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.ironJavelin.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Javelin
fe.protection.exist.fossil.legBone.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops Leg Bone
fe.protection.exist.fossil.magicConch.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Magic Conch
fe.protection.exist.fossil.music.anu.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fossil Record
fe.protection.exist.fossil.palaeSaplingFossil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Petrified Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.exist.fossil.plantFossil.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Plant Fossil
fe.protection.exist.fossil.potteryShard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pottery Shard
fe.protection.exist.fossil.quaggaMeat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Quagga Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.quaggaMeatCooked.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Quagga Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawAllosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Allosaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawAnkylosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ankylosaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawBrachiosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brachiosaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawCeratosaurus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ceratosaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawChickenSoup.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken Soup
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawCompsognathus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Compsognathus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawDeinonychus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Deinonychus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawDilophosaurus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dilophosaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawGallimimus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gallimimus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawLiopleurodon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Liopleurodon Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawMosasaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mosasaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawNautilus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Nautilus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawPachycephalosaurus.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pachycephalosaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawPlesiosaur.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plesiosaur Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawPterosaur.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pteranodon Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawSarcosuchus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sarcosuchus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawSpinosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spinosaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawStegosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stegosaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawTRex.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tyrannosaurus Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawTriceratops.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.rawVelociraptor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Velociraptor Meat
fe.protection.exist.fossil.record_bones.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fossil Record
fe.protection.exist.fossil.relicScrap.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Relic Scrap
fe.protection.exist.fossil.ribCage.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Rib Cage
fe.protection.exist.fossil.sJL.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sio-Chiu-Le
fe.protection.exist.fossil.scarabAxe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Scarab Axe
fe.protection.exist.fossil.scarabGem.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Scarab Gem
fe.protection.exist.fossil.scarabHoe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Scarab Hoe
fe.protection.exist.fossil.scarabPickAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Scarab PickAxe
fe.protection.exist.fossil.scarabShovel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Scarab Shovel
fe.protection.exist.fossil.scarabSword.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Scarab Sword
fe.protection.exist.fossil.seed.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dillhoffia Seeds
fe.protection.exist.fossil.shinGuards.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shin Guards
fe.protection.exist.fossil.skull.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops Skull
fe.protection.exist.fossil.skullHelmet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Skull Helmet
fe.protection.exist.fossil.skullStick.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Skull Stick
fe.protection.exist.fossil.stoneJavelin.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Javelin
fe.protection.exist.fossil.stoneTablet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Tablet
fe.protection.exist.fossil.terrorBirdMeat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Terror Bird Leg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.terrorBirdMeatCooked.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Terror Bird Leg
fe.protection.exist.fossil.toothDagger.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tooth Dagger
fe.protection.exist.fossil.vertebrae.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Triceratops Vertebrae
fe.protection.exist.fossil.whip.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Whip
fe.protection.exist.fossil.woodJavelin.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Javelin
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fluix Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Brown Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Gray Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Green Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lime Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Orange Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pink Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purple Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST SilverCurtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST White Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Custom Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Birch Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Factory Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Jail Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Laboratory Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Rusty Handle
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Saloon Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Shoji Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_boudin.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_boudin.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_brickmould.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_brickmould.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineBoots.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_byzantineBoots.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_byzantineHelmet.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineLegs.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_byzantineLegs.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineMace.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_byzantineMace.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_byzantinePlate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_byzantinePlate.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineicon.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_byzantineicon.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_cacauhaa.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_cacauhaa.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_calva.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_calva.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_chickencurry.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_chickencurry.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_cider.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_cider.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_ciderapple.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_ciderapple.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_clothes.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.clothes_byz_wool.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_denier.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_denier.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_denier_argent.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_denier_argent.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_denier_or.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_denier_or.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_dwarves_amulet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_dwarves_amulet.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_feta.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_feta.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_ikayaki.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_ikayaki.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_indianstatue.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_indianstatue.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_lamb_cooked.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_lamb_cooked.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_lamb_raw.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_lamb_raw.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_maize.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_maize.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_marchmentComplete.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_marchmentComplete.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_masa.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_masa.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_mayanAxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_mayanAxe.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_mayanHoe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_mayanHoe.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_mayanMace.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_mayanMace.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_mayanPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_mayanPickaxe.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_mayanShovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_mayanShovel.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_mayanstatue.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_mayanstatue.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_negationWand.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_negationWand.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_normanAxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_normanAxe.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_normanBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_normanBoots.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_normanBroadsword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_normanBroadsword.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_normanHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_normanHelmet.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_normanHoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_normanHoe.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_normanLegs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_normanLegs.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_normanPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_normanPickaxe.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_normanPlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_normanPlate.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_normanShovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_normanShovel.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_obsidianFlake.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_obsidianFlake.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentBuildings.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentBuildings.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentItems.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentItems.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentSadhu.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentSadhu.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentVillageScroll.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentVillageScroll.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentVillagers.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_parchmentVillagers.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_purse.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_purse.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_rasgullaId.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_rasgullaId.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_raven_amulet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_raven_amulet.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_rice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_rice.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_sake.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_sake.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_silk.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_silk.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_souvlaki.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_souvlaki.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_taichiSword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_taichiSword.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_tapestry.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_tapestry.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_tripes.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_tripes.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_turmeric.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_turmeric.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_udon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_udon.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_unknownPowder.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_unknownPowder.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_vegcurry.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_vegcurry.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_villageWand.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_villageWand.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_vine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_vine.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_wah.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_wah.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_wine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_wine.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_wine_basic.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_wine_basic.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.name
fe.protection.exist.millenaire.item.ml_yumiBow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.ml_yumiBow.name
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemAtomicManipulator.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Manipulator
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBlueprint.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.name.blueprintFusion
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ac.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ag.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.al.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.am.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.as.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.at.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.au.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.b.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ba.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.be.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bh.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bi.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bk.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.br.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.c.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ca.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cd.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ce.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cf.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cl.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cm.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cn.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.co.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cr.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cs.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cu.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.db.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.dy.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.er.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.es.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.eu.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.f.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fm.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fr.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ga.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.gd.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ge.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.h.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.he.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hf.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hg.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ho.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hs.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.i.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.in.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ir.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.k.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.kr.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.la.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.li.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.lr.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.lu.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.md.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mg.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mn.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mo.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mt.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.n.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.na.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.nb.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.nd.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ne.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ni.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.no.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.np.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.o.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.os.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.p.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pa.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pb.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pd.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pm.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.po.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pr.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pt.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pu.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ra.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rb.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.re.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rf.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rg.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rh.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rn.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ru.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.s.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sb.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sc.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.se.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sg.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.si.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sm.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sn.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sr.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ta.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tb.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tc.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.te.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.th.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ti.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tl.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tm.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.u.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.uut.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.v.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.w.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.xe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.y.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.yb.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.zn.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.zr.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aalc.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.acetate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.alinine.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.almadine.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumhypophosphite.*           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumoxide.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumphosphate.*               # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ammonia.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ammonium.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.amphetamine.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.arginine.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.arsenicoxide.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asbestos.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asparagine.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asparticacid.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asprin.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.augite.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.beryl.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.biotite.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.blackpigment.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.blueorgodye.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.buli.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.butene.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calcicpyroxene.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calciumcarbonate.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calciumoxide.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.carbonate.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.carbondioxide.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.caulerpenyne.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cellulose.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cesiumhydroxide.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.chromate.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.chromite.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cocaine.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cocainehcl.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cucurbitacin.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cyanide.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cysteine.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ddt.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.dimethyltryptamine.*               # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.dota.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ethanol.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fibroin.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fingolimod.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.forsterite.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.franciumhydroxide.*                # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fullrene.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.gallicacid.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.galliumarsenide.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.galliumoxide.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glucose.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glutamates.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glutamine.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glycine.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glyphosate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.greenpigment.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hcl.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hist.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.histidine.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hperox.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydrogensulfide.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydronium.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydroxide.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydroxylapatite.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hypophosphite.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.iron3oxide.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ironoxide.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.isoleucine.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.isoprene.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.kaolinite.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.keratin.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.latropine.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lazurite.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lcd.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.leucine.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lightbluepigment.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.limepigment.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lithiumhydroxide.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lysine.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnesiumcarbonate.*               # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnesiumoxide.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnetite.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.malicacid.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.memethacrylate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.meoh.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mescaline.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.metasilicate.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.metblue.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methamphetamine.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methionine.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methyl.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methylene.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mt.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mycotoxin.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nepheline.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nitrate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nitrogendioxide.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nodularin.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.noselite.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.oleicacid.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.olivine.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.omphacite.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.orangepigment.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.orthoclase.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pal2.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pantherine.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.penicillin.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.peridot.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.peroxide.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phenylalanine.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phosgene.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phosphate.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plagioclasealbite.*                # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plagioclaseanorthite.*             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plat.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pmma.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.polyisobutylene.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.polyvinylchloride.*                # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumhydroxide.*               # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumnitrate.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumoxide.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.proline.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.propane.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.psilocybin.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.purpleorgodye.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.purplepigment.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pyrite.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pyrope.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.radchlor.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redgarnet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redorgodye.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redpigment.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.retinol.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.rubidiumhydroxide.*                # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.salt.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.serine.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.shikimicacid.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.silicate.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.silicondioxide.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.siliconoxide.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodalite.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumbisulfate.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumhydroxide.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumoxide.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumsulfate.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.spessartine.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.starch.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.strontiumnitrate.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sucrose.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfurdioxide.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfuricacid.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.talc.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tannicacid.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.testosterone.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tetrodotoxin.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.thc.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.theobromine.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.threonine.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tnt.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.toluene.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.topaz.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tryptophan.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tyrosine.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.valine.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.vinylchloride.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.weedex.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.whitepigment.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.xanax.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.xylitol.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.yellowpigment.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.zoisite.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemElement.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST element.empty
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemJournal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chemist's Journal
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemMolecule.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST molecule.cellulose
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemOpticalMicroscopeLens.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.name.concaveLens
fe.protection.exist.minechem.minechemPolytool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Polytool
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Furnace Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hopper Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Milk Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.mo.android_pill.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Red Pill
fe.protection.exist.mo.battery.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_base.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Base
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_matter_extractor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Matter Extractor
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_power_generator.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Power Generator
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_residential.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Residential Buildings
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_ship_hangar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ship Hangar
fe.protection.exist.mo.contract.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Contract
fe.protection.exist.mo.creative_battery.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Creative Battery
fe.protection.exist.mo.creative_pattern_drive.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Creative Pattern Drive
fe.protection.exist.mo.data_pad.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Data Pad
fe.protection.exist.mo.dilithium_crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dilithium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.mo.earl_gray_tea.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
fe.protection.exist.mo.emergency_ration.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Emergency Ration
fe.protection.exist.mo.energy_pack.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Energy Pack
fe.protection.exist.mo.forcefield_emitter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Force Field Emitter
fe.protection.exist.mo.h_compensator.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Heisenberg Compensator
fe.protection.exist.mo.hc_battery.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST High Capacity Battery
fe.protection.exist.mo.integration_matrix.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Integration Matrix
fe.protection.exist.mo.ion_sniper.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ion Sniper
fe.protection.exist.mo.isolinear_circuit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Isolinear Circuit Mk1
fe.protection.exist.mo.machine_casing.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Machine Casing
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_container.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Empty Matter Container
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_container_full.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Full Matter Container
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_dust.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Matter Dust
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_dust_refined.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Refined Matter Dust
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_scanner.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Matter Scanner
fe.protection.exist.mo.me_conversion_matrix.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Matter-Energy Conversion Matrix
fe.protection.exist.mo.network_flash_drive.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Network Flash Drive
fe.protection.exist.mo.omni_tool.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Omni Tool
fe.protection.exist.mo.pattern_drive.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pattern Drive
fe.protection.exist.mo.phaser.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Phaser
fe.protection.exist.mo.phaser_rifle.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Phaser Rifle
fe.protection.exist.mo.plasma_core.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Core
fe.protection.exist.mo.plasma_shotgun.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Shotgun
fe.protection.exist.mo.romulan_ale.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Romulan Ale
fe.protection.exist.mo.rouge_android_part.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Android Head
fe.protection.exist.mo.s_magnet.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Superconductor Magnet
fe.protection.exist.mo.scout_ship.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Scout Ship
fe.protection.exist.mo.security_protocol.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Security Protocol
fe.protection.exist.mo.ship_colonizer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Colonizer Ship
fe.protection.exist.mo.ship_factory.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ship Factory
fe.protection.exist.mo.sniper_scope.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sniper Scope
fe.protection.exist.mo.spacetime_equalizer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Space-Time Equalizer
fe.protection.exist.mo.transport_flash_drive.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Transport Flash Drive
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritainum_spine.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Spine
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Axe
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Boots
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_dust.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_nugget.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_plate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Sword
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Wrench
fe.protection.exist.mo.upgrade.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Shell
fe.protection.exist.mo.weapon_handle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Weapon Handle
fe.protection.exist.mo.weapon_module_barrel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dilithium Focusing Matrix
fe.protection.exist.mo.weapon_module_color.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Color Module (Red)
fe.protection.exist.mo.weapon_receiver.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Weapon Receiver
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.blockgun.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Floating Block Gun(Short)
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.carrotgravitizeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carrot(+G)
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.earthstone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Earth Stone
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.g_arrow.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST G-Arrow
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.g_hook.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST G-Arrow With Rope
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.g_rapplegun.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST G-rappleGun
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.gravitycontroller.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST GravityController
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.lifesoup.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Life Soup
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.portablegravity.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Portable Gravity
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.potatogravitizeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Potato(+G)
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.seedsgravitized.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Seeds(+G)
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.solarwindFan.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST SolarWindFan
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.starbed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST StarBed
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.starcontroller.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST StarController
fe.protection.exist.modJ_StarMiner.starcore_dust.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Stardust
fe.protection.exist.moskeletons.item.FlameBone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Flame bone
fe.protection.exist.moskeletons.item.FrozenBone.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Frozen bone
fe.protection.exist.moskeletons.item.MinerHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Miner Helmet
fe.protection.exist.moskeletons.item.ObsidianBone.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Bone
fe.protection.exist.moskeletons.item.PirateSword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pirate Sword
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST IO Bus
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.exist.props.clay.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Red Crafting Clay
fe.protection.exist.props.props.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Creeper
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.artifactGenerationTag.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Artifact Generation Tag
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.blockSelector.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Block Selector
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.blockSelectorFloating.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Floating Block Selector
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.bookGenerationTag.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Book Generation Tag
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.inventoryGenerationSingleTag.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Single Item Generation Tag
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.inventoryGenerationTag.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Generation Tag
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.inventory_generation_component_tag.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Item Generation Component Tag
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.advanced_chainsaw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.advanced_drill.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.basic_chainsaw.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Basic Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.basic_drill.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Basic Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.flux_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Flux Hoe
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.flux_infused_crusher.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Crusher
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.hardened_chainsaw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.hardened_drill.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.leadstone_chainsaw.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Leadstone Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.leadstone_drill.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Leadstone Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.motor_eio.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Basic Motor
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.motor_te.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Leadstone Motor
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.redstone_chainsaw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.redstone_drill.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.resonant_chainsaw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Resonant Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.resonant_drill.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Resonant Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.sj_replacement.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dark Soularium
fe.protection.exist.rfdrills.soul_crusher.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dark Soularium Crusher
fe.protection.exist.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.exist.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blindness Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Button Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Charged Porter
fe.protection.exist.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Clock Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Computer Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Counter Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Developers Delight
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dimension Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Template
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.exist.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.exist.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Energy Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Flight Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Haste Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Infused Diamond
fe.protection.exist.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.exist.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Machine Information Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.exist.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.exist.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Night Vision Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Orphaning Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Peace Essence
fe.protection.exist.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Peaceful Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.exist.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Poison Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.exist.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Regeneration Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.exist.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST RFTools Manual
fe.protection.exist.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Saturation Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Security Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shape Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shard Wand
fe.protection.exist.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Slowness Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Smart Wrench
fe.protection.exist.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Speed Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.exist.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.exist.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST unknown.name
fe.protection.exist.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Syringe
fe.protection.exist.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.exist.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Text Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.exist.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weakness Module
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.armorPlatings.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.simplyjetpacks.armorPlatings.name
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.components.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Leather Strap
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.fluxpacks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.simplyjetpacks.pack.te.name
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.fluxpacksCommon.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.simplyjetpacks.pack.name
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.jetpackFueller.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack Fueller
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.jetpacks.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.simplyjetpacks.pack.te.name
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.jetpacksCommon.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tuberous Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.mysteriousPotato.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mysterious Potato
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.particleCustomizers.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Particle Customizer (Default)
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.acidbucket.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.hook.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hook
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.hookBullet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hook Bullet
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.lightningfirework.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lightning rocket
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.zettaindustries.fakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.null.name
fe.protection.inventory.*                                                                        # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.clipper.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipper
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.clipping.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipping
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.cropsItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crop Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.debugger.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.handRake.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.journal.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.magnifyingGlass.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedAllium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Allium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedCactus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedCarrot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedDaisy.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Daisy Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedDandelion.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dandelion Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedOrchid.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Orchid Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedPoppy.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Poppy Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedPotato.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedShroomBrown.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedShroomRed.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedSugarcane.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedTulipOrange.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedTulipPink.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedTulipRed.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedTulipWhite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY White Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.trowel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Chase
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock and Key
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Screw Gun
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Reading Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Drafting Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Writing Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Eternal Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Board
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Saw
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Drill
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Plumb line
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Slotted Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack1.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack2.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack3.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack4.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack5.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Staff
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Axe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Essence
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Radar
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bucket.name
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dart
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dart Blower
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderporter
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Flippers
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Jar
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Jar
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Brick
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Ball
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Sword
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wading Boots
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Axe
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Boots
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Plate
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Helm
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Pick
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Shears
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY The Ender
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Spawner
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Conduit Facade
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Conduit Probe
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY "Enderios"
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderface
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemGasConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Glider Wing
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Chassis
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electromagnet
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Powder
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Vial
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience Rod
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.EnderTech.endertech.exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Angel Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Healing Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Division Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Etheric Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Glove
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Lasso
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Heating Coil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Kikoku
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ERR
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul fragment
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Precision Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Watering Can
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unnamed
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.inventory.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern_dirty.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.compost_pile.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Compost
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.garden_trowel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Garden Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.soil_test_kit.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.soil_test_kit_used.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Used Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.wax.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.candle.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Candle
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.chain_link.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chain Link
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.iron_nugget.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.moss_paste.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Moss Paste
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_ingot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_nugget.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.GardenTrees.candelilla.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Candelilla
fe.protection.inventory.GardenTrees.candelilla_seeds.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Candelilla Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft.grc.rope.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rope
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCider.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.0.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.1.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.2.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.3.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.4.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Silken Nectar Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.5.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.6.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCider_bucket.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Core
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bamboo.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooCoal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Charcoal
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoorItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Door
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooRaft.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Raft
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShootFood.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.bee.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyComb.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyCombEmpty.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyCombFilled.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyJar.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMead.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.0.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.1.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.2.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.3.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.4.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.5.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.6.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMead_bucket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.chievItemDummy.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.grc.chievItemDummy.name
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.waterBag.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bag (White)
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.yeast.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewers Yeast
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Grape Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWine.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Wine
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.0.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.1.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.2.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.3.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.4.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ambrosia Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.5.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Port Wine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.6.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.7.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWine_bucket.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Wine Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapes.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Grapes
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAle.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.0.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.1.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.2.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.3.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.4.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.5.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.6.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.7.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.8.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAle_bucket.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Hop Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hops.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Hops
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lager.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lager
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.0.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lager Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.1.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lager Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.2.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lager Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.3.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lager Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.4.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lager Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.5.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lager Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.6.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lager Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.rice.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Paddy Rice Grain
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBall.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Onigiri
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSake.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sake
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.0.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sake Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.1.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sake Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.2.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sake Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.3.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sake Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.4.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Divine Sake Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.5.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sake Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.6.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sake Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSake_bucket.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sake Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Casing
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Jerrycan
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Treated Stick
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Railgun
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Revolver
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Shader
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.mover.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticker
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Â§8Black Balloon
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Brine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Configurator
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dictionary
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Iron
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Factory Installer
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FilterCard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter Card
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flamethrower
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Free Runners
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Mask
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Â§8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Reader
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Robit
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sawdust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Tank
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Seismic Reader
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Substrate
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleportation Core
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hohlraum
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Panel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.biofuel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY BioFuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.chocolatemilk.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.essence.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Essence Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.meat.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.mushroomsoup.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Soup Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.pinkslime.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Slime Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sewage.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sewage Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sludge.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.ceramicdye.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceramic Dye (White)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.fertilizer.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.fishingrod.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.hammer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Precision Sledgehammer
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.laserfocus.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Laser Focus (White)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.cooked.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Meat Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.raw.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meat Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.cooked.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.raw.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.milkbottle.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.anvil.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Anvil)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.empty.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.fire.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Fire)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.lava.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Lava)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.pierce.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Shrapnel)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sewage.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Sewage)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sludge.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Sludge)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.standard.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Needles)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.bag.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Bag
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.boots.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.cup.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Cup
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.raw.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Plastic
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.sheet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Sheets
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.portaspawner.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY PortaSpawner
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.potatolauncher.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.record.blank.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Record
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.memorycard.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY PRC Memory Card
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.meter.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY RedNet Meter
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rocket.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tracking Self-Propelled Anti Material Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rocketlauncher.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY SPAMR Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.bar.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Bar
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.raw.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.ruler.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruler
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.fancy.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.launcher.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Safari Net Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.reusable.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Safari Net (Reusable)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.singleuse.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Safari Net (Single-Use)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.spyglass.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spyglass
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.straw.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Straw
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.sugarcharcoal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.cure.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY De-Zombification Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.empty.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.growth.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Growth Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.health.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Health Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.slime.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Embiggening Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.zombie.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.logic.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY PRC LX-100 Logic Expansion Card
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.radius.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade (Lapis)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.xpextractor.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY XP Extractor
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.chemicalX.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical X
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.creeperShard.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Shard
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.creeperStats.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Stats
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.endersoulHand.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Endersoul Hand
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.hulkHammer.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hulk Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.mcSpawnEgg.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcSpawnEgg
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorBoots.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutant Skeleton Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorChest.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutant Skeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorHead.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutant Skeleton Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorLegs.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutant Skeleton Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MutantCreatures.item.skeletonPart.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Limb
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cartographer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Control
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursor
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY /dev/null
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Eraser
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY XP Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glider Wing
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pointer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden eye
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hang Glider
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Height Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Luggage
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Brush
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pedometer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Badass Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sponge
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Squeegee
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stencil
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tasty Clay
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cargo Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gift Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tank Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Work Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.dust.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Emblem
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cut Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Can
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Cell
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Coke
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bleached Clay
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Controller Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Rail
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rebar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tie
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Disk
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Routing Table
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Meter
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Painter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodstone
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Grower
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Drop Filter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Letter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.filter.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Filter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Ginto
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Flask of Poison
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Core
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnetic Force
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sound Recorder
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Boots
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Key
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spirit Binder
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Stone
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.armor.bootsFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.armor.helmetFlux.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.armor.legsFlux.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.armor.plateFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.material.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.axeFlux.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.battleWrenchFlux.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.bowFlux.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.fishingRodFlux.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.pickaxeFlux.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.shovelFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.sickleFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.swordFlux.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.wrenchFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.mirror.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.solarCell1.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Photovoltaic cell I
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.solarCell2.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Photovoltaic cell II
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.solarCell3.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Photovoltaic cell III
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.solarCell4.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Photovoltaic cell IV
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeBlank.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeCapacity.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Capacity upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeEfficiency.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Efficiency upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeLowLight.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Low light upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeTransferRate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Transfer rate upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeTraversal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine traversal upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SpiceOfLife.bookfoodjournal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Food Journal
fe.protection.inventory.SpiceOfLife.lunchbag.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lunch Bag
fe.protection.inventory.SpiceOfLife.lunchbox.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lunch Box
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cover
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Relay
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Retriever
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Servo
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Chiller
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Florb (EmptyÂ§r)
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Igniter
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Multimeter
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY FluiVac
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Satchel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY BattleWrench
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Private Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Remote
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY REP
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Receiver Dish
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY REther Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.inventory.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpAluminum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpTritanium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpYellorium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpZinc.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedAluminum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedGold.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Gold Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedIron.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedLead.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Lead Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedMithril.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedOsmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedSilver.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Silver Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedTin.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Tin Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedTritanium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedUranium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedYellorium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedZinc.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalAluminum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalTritanium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalYellorium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalZinc.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAluminum.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyTritanium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyTungsten.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyYellorium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyZinc.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardAluminum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardTritanium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardYellorium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardZinc.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Shard
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY 128Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY 16Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY 2Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY View Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Biometric Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Staff
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Memory Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Tool
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainer.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerChest.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerFeet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Feet Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerHead.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Head Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerLegs.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Legs Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.blockMarker.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Marker
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.burnTool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Burn Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.colourNoiseTool.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Colour Noise Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.colourPicker.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Colour Picker
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.dodgeTool.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dodge Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.dyeBottle.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dye Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Equipment Skin
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkinTemplate.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Equipment Skin Template
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.guideBook.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Guide Book
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.hueTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hue Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.mannequinTool.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mannequin Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.paintRoller.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Roller
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.paintbrush.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.shadeNoiseTool.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shade Noise Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.soap.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Soap
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.wandOfStyle.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Of Style
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_gem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_saw.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_sickle.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_sword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.athame.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Athame
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.blue_alloy_ingot.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.blue_doped_wafer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Doped Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.bluestone_anode_tile.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Anode Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.bluestone_cathode_tile.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.bluestone_pointer_tile.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.bluestone_wire_tile.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Wire Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.brass_ingot.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.canvas.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.canvas_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Canvas Bag
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.copper_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.copper_wire.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Copper Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.diamond_drawplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Drawplate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.diamond_sickle.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.flax_seeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flax Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.gold_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.indigo_dye.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Indigo Dye
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.infused_teslatite_dust.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Teslatite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.iron_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.iron_wire.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Iron Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.lumar.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY White Lumar
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.paint_brush.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Paint Brush
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.paint_can.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Paint Can
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.accelerator.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Accelerator
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.and.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY AND Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.buffer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Buffer Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.inverted.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.inverted.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.inverted.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.inverted.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.inverted.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.inverted.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.comparator.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.counter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.black.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.black.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Black Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Blue Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Brown Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Gray Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.green.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.green.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Green Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.inverted.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.inverted.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Lime Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.inverted.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Orange Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Pink Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Purple Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.red.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.red.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Red Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.white.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.white.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit3x3.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 3x3 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit5x5.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 5x5 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit7x7.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 7x7 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.inverter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverter
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.lightCell.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Sensor
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.magTube.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Magtube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.multiplexer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Multiplexer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.nand.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY NAND Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.nor.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY NOR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.not.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY NOT Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.nullcell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Null Cell
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.or.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY OR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.pneumaticTube.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.pneumaticTubeOpaque.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Opaque Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.pulseformer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulse Former
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.randomizer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Randomizer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.regulabletorch.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Regulable Torch
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.repeater.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.restrictionTube.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Restriction Tube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.restrictionTubeOpaque.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Opaque Restriction Tube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.rs.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY RS Latch
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.sequencer.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sequencer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.state.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY State Cell
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.synchronizer.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Synchronizer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.timer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Timer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.toggle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Toggle Latch
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.transparent.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Transparent Latch
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.black.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.blue.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.brown.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.black.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.green.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.red.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.white.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.cyan.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.gray.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.green.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_blue.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_gray.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.lime.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.magenta.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.orange.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.pink.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.purple.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.red.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.white.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.yellow.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.black.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.blue.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.brown.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.black.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.brown.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.green.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.orange.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.purple.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.red.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.white.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.cyan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.gray.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.green.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_blue.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_gray.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.lime.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.magenta.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.orange.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.pink.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.purple.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.red.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.white.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.yellow.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.black.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.blue.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.brown.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.gray.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.green.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.lime.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.magenta.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.orange.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.pink.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.purple.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.red.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.white.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.yellow.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.black.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.blue.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.brown.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.black.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.green.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.orange.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.purple.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.red.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.white.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.cyan.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.gray.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.green.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_blue.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_gray.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.lime.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.magenta.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.orange.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.pink.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.purple.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.red.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.white.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.yellow.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.black.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.blue.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.brown.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.gray.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.green.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.lime.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.orange.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.pink.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.purple.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.red.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.white.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY White Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.black.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.blue.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.brown.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.black.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.green.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.red.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.white.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.cyan.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.gray.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.green.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_blue.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_gray.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.lime.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.magenta.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.orange.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.pink.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.purple.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.red.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.white.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY White Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.yellow.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Analog Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.bundled.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Analog Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.bundled.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.xnor.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY XNOR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.xor.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY XOR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.purple_alloy_ingot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.quartz_resonator_tile.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Resonator Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.red_alloy_ingot.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.red_doped_wafer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Doped Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.redstone_anode_tile.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Anode Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.redstone_cathode_tile.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.redstone_pointer_tile.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.redstone_wire_tile.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Wire Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Axe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Sword
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_gem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_saw.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_sickle.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_sword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.screwdriver.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.screwdriver_handle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Screwdriver Handle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.seed_bag.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silicon_boule.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Boule
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silicon_chip_tile.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silicon_wafer.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silky_screwdriver.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silky Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silver_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.stone_bundle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Bundle Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.stone_sickle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.stone_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.tainted_silicon_chip_tile.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tainted Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.teslatite_dust.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Teslatite
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.tungsten_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.tungsten_nugget.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.wood_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.wool_card.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wool Card
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_dust.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_ore_crushed.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_ore_purified.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_tiny_dust.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zincplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Plate
fe.protection.inventory.camping.animalParts.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fur
fe.protection.inventory.camping.armorFurBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fur Boots
fe.protection.inventory.camping.armorFurChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fur Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.camping.armorFurHelm.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fur Cap
fe.protection.inventory.camping.armorFurLeg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fur Pants
fe.protection.inventory.camping.backpack.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.camping.hempItem.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hemp
fe.protection.inventory.camping.kit.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Kit
fe.protection.inventory.camping.knife.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Knife
fe.protection.inventory.camping.marshmallowStickCooked.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Marshmallow Stick
fe.protection.inventory.camping.parts.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.camping.venisonCooked.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Venison
fe.protection.inventory.camping.venisonRaw.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Venison
fe.protection.inventory.catwalkmod.blowtorch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blowtorch Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.inventory.catwalkmod.ropeLight.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Rope Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.inventory.catwalkmod.steelGrate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel grate Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.inventory.catwalks.blowtorch.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blowtorch
fe.protection.inventory.catwalks.cautionTape.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Caution Tape
fe.protection.inventory.catwalks.ropeLight.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Rope Light
fe.protection.inventory.catwalks.steelgrate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Grate
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemBarStall.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bar Stool
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemBasin.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Basin
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemBath.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bath
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemBesideCabinet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemBin.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bin
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemBirdBath.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bird Bath
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemBlender.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blender
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemBlinds.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blind
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemBreadSlice.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread Slice
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCabinet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabinet
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCeilingLight.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceiling Light
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemChairStone.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Chair
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemChairWood.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Chair
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemChoppingBoard.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chopping Board
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCoffeeTableStone.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Coffee Table
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCoffeeTableWood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Coffee Table
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemComputer.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Computer
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCookedFlesh.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCookieJar.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie Jar
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCoolPack.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooling Pack
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCouch.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Couch
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCounterDoored.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Kitchen Counter
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCounterSink.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Kitchen Counter (Sink)
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCrayfish.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crayfish Head (Secret Item)
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCup.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemCurtains.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemDishWasher.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dishwasher
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemDollar.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemmoney.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemDoorBell.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Door Bell
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemDrink.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemdrink.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemElectricFence.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Fence
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemEnvelope.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Envelope
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemEnvelopeSigned.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemenvelopesigned.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemFireAlarm.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Alarm
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemFlesh.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemFridge.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fridge
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemHammer.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemHedgeBasic.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Hedge
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemHedgeBirch.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Hedge
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemHedgeJungle.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Hedge
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemHedgeSpruce.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spurce Hedge
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemInkCartridge.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Cartridge
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemKitchenCabinet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kitchen Cabinet
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemKnife.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Knife
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemLamp.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemMailBox.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mail Box
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemMicrowave.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Microwave
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemOven.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Oven
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemOvenRangehood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Oven Overhead
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemPackage.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Package
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemPackageSigned.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itempackagesigned.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemPlate.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Plate
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemPresentGreen.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Present
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemPresentRed.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Present
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemPrinter.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Printer
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemRecipeBook.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemShower.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shower
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemShowerHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shower Head
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemSoap.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Soap
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemSoapyWater.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Soapy Water
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemStereo.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stereo
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemStonePath.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Path
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemSuperSoapyWater.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Soapy Water
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemTV.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY TV
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemTableStone.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Table
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemTableWood.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Table
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemTap.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tap
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemToast.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemToaster.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Toaster
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemToilet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Toilet
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemWallCabinet.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wall Cabinet
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemWashingMachine.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Washing Machine
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ItemWhiteFence.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fence
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.itemTree.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Christmas Tree
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Smashing Rock
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggBeholder.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Beholder
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggBladeTrap.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Blade Trap
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggCaveFisher.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Cave Fisher
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggCockatrice.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Cockatrice
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggDestrachan.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Destrachan
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggGhoul.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Ghoul
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggHellHound.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Hell Hound
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggHookHorror.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Hook Horror
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggIllithid.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Illithid
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggLizalfos.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Lizalfos
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggManticore.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Manticore
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggRakshasa.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Rakshasa
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggRustMonster.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Rust Monster
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggShrieker.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Shrieker
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggThoqqua.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Thoqqua
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggTroll.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Troll
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggUmberHulk.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Umber Hulk
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonmobs.spawnEggVescavor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Vescavor
fe.protection.inventory.enderioaddons.bucketBrine1.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Brine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.enderioaddons.bucketBrine2.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Brine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.enderioaddons.bucketBrine3.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Brine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.enderioaddons.bucketBrine4.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Solid Brine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.enderioaddons.itemMachineParts.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Machine Framework
fe.protection.inventory.enderioaddons.itemModule.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Breeding Module
fe.protection.inventory.eplus.enchantment_scroll.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Scroll
fe.protection.inventory.eplus.tableUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Table Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.eplus.tomb_guardian.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tome: Enchanted Guardian
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY null
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.part.base.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.casing.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.component.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.physical.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.fairy_lights.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fairy Lights
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.garland.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vine Garland
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.light.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fairy Light
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.tinsel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tinsel Garland
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.crystalAxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Testy Axe
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.crystalPick.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Testy Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.crystalShovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Testy Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.crystalSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Testy Sword
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.roughShard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rough Testy Shard
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.scytheDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.scytheGold.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.scytheIron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.scytheStone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.scytheWood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.seed.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Testy Seed
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.smoothShard.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Smooth Testy Shard
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.universalSeed.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Universal Seed
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.upgradeAutomation.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Automation Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.upgradeEfficiency.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Efficiency Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.upgradeNight.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nocturnal Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.fluxedCrystals.upgradeSpeed.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.AquaticScarabGem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Aquatic Scarab Gem
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.DominicanAmber.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dominican Amber
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.amber.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amber
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.ancientClock.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Clock
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.ancientHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.ancientJavelin.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.ancientKey.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Key
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.ancientSword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Sword
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.armBone.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops Arm Bone
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.bioFossil.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio-Fossil
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.brokenAncientHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Ancient Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.brokenAncientSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Ancient Sword
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.claw.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops Horn
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.confuciornisCooked.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Confuciusornis
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.confuciornisRaw.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Confuciusornis
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.cookedChickenSoup.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken Soup
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.diamondJavelin.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dinoPedia.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY DinoPedia
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dinoRibCage.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops Rib Cage
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dinoSteak.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dino Steak
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaAllosaurus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Allosaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaAnkylosaurus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ankylosaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaBrachiosaurus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brachiosaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaCeratosaurus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceratosaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaChicken.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaCoelacanth.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Coelacanth DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaCompsognathus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Compsognathus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaConfuciusornis.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Confuciousornis DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaCow.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaDeinonychus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Deinonychus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaDilophosaurus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dilophosaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaDodo.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dodo DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaElasmotherium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Elasmotherium DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaGallimimus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gallimimus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaHorse.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Horse DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaLiopleurodon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Liopleurodon DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaMammoth.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mammoth DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaMosasaurus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mosasaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaNautilus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nautilus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaPachycephalosaurus.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pachycephalosaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaPig.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaPlesiosaur.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plesiosaur DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaPterosaur.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pteranodon DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaQuagga.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Quagga DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaSarcosuchus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sarcosuchus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaSheep.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sheep DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaSmilodon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Smilodon DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaSpinosaurus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinosaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaStegosaurus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stegosaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaTRex.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tyrannosaurus DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaTerrorBird.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Terror Bird DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaTriceratops.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dnaVelociraptor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Velociraptor DNA
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dodoWing.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Dodo Wing
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.dodoWingCooked.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Dodo Wing
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggAllosaurus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY AllosaurusÂ Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggAnkylosaurus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ankylosaurus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggBrachiosaurus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brachiosaurus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggCeratosaurus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceratosaurus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggCoelacanth.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ocean Coelacanth
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggCompsognathus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Compsognathus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggConfuciusornis.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Confuciusornis Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggCultivatedChicken.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cultivated Chicken Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggCultivatedConfuciusornis.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cultivated Confuciusornis Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggCultivatedDodo.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cultivated Dodo Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggCultivatedTerrorBird.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cultivated Gastornis Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggDeinonychus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Deinonychus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggDilophosaurus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dilophosaurus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggDodo.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dodo Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggGallimimus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gallimimus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggLiopleurodon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Liopleurodon Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggMosasaurus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mosasaurus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggNautilus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Living Nautilus
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggPachycephalosaurus.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pachycephalosaurus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggPlesiosaur.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plesiosaur Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggPterosaur.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pteranodon Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggSarcosuchus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sarcosuchus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggSpinosaurus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinosaurus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggStegosaurus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stegosaurus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggTRex.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tyrannosaurus Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggTerrorBird.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gastornis Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggTriceratops.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.eggVelociraptor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Velociraptor Egg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.embryoCow.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow Embryo
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.embryoElasmotherium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elasmotherium Embryo
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.embryoHorse.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Horse Embryo
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.embryoMammoth.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mammoth Embryo
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.embryoPig.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Embryo
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.embryoQuagga.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Quagga Embryo
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.embryoSheep.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sheep Embryo
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.embryoSmilodon.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Smilodon Embryo
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.emptyShell.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Shell
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.essenceofChicken.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Essence of Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.failuresaurusFlesh.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Failuresaurus Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.feet.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Feet
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.fernSeeds.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Fern Spores
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.foot.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops Foot
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.fossilSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fossilized Dillhoffia Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.fossilSeed_fern.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fossilized Fern Spores
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.goldJavelin.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.icedMeat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Frozen Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.ironJavelin.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.legBone.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops Leg Bone
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.magicConch.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Conch
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.music.anu.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fossil Record
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.palaeSaplingFossil.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Petrified Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.plantFossil.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Plant Fossil
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.potteryShard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pottery Shard
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.quaggaMeat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Quagga Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.quaggaMeatCooked.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Quagga Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawAllosaurus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Allosaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawAnkylosaurus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ankylosaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawBrachiosaurus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brachiosaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawCeratosaurus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceratosaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawChickenSoup.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken Soup
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawCompsognathus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Compsognathus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawDeinonychus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Deinonychus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawDilophosaurus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dilophosaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawGallimimus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gallimimus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawLiopleurodon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Liopleurodon Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawMosasaurus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mosasaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawNautilus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nautilus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawPachycephalosaurus.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pachycephalosaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawPlesiosaur.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plesiosaur Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawPterosaur.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pteranodon Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawSarcosuchus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sarcosuchus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawSpinosaurus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinosaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawStegosaurus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stegosaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawTRex.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tyrannosaurus Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawTriceratops.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.rawVelociraptor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Velociraptor Meat
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.record_bones.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fossil Record
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.relicScrap.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Relic Scrap
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.ribCage.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rib Cage
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.sJL.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sio-Chiu-Le
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.scarabAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scarab Axe
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.scarabGem.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scarab Gem
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.scarabHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scarab Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.scarabPickAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Scarab PickAxe
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.scarabShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scarab Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.scarabSword.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Scarab Sword
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.seed.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dillhoffia Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.shinGuards.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shin Guards
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.skull.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops Skull
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.skullHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Skull Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.skullStick.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Skull Stick
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.stoneJavelin.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.stoneTablet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.terrorBirdMeat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Terror Bird Leg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.terrorBirdMeatCooked.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Terror Bird Leg
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.toothDagger.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tooth Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.vertebrae.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Triceratops Vertebrae
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.whip.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Whip
fe.protection.inventory.fossil.woodJavelin.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluix Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY SilverCurtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY White Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Custom Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Factory Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Jail Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Laboratory Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Rusty Handle
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Saloon Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Shoji Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_boudin.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_boudin.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_brickmould.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_brickmould.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineBoots.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_byzantineBoots.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineHelmet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_byzantineHelmet.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineLegs.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_byzantineLegs.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineMace.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_byzantineMace.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_byzantinePlate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_byzantinePlate.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineicon.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_byzantineicon.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_cacauhaa.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_cacauhaa.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_calva.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_calva.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_chickencurry.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_chickencurry.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_cider.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_cider.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_ciderapple.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_ciderapple.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_clothes.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.clothes_byz_wool.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_denier.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_denier.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_denier_argent.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_denier_argent.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_denier_or.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_denier_or.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_dwarves_amulet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_dwarves_amulet.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_feta.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_feta.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_ikayaki.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_ikayaki.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_indianstatue.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_indianstatue.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_lamb_cooked.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_lamb_cooked.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_lamb_raw.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_lamb_raw.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_maize.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_maize.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_marchmentComplete.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_marchmentComplete.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_masa.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_masa.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_mayanAxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_mayanAxe.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_mayanHoe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_mayanHoe.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_mayanMace.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_mayanMace.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_mayanPickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_mayanPickaxe.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_mayanShovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_mayanShovel.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_mayanstatue.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_mayanstatue.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_negationWand.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_negationWand.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_normanAxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_normanAxe.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_normanBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_normanBoots.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_normanBroadsword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_normanBroadsword.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_normanHelmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_normanHelmet.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_normanHoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_normanHoe.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_normanLegs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_normanLegs.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_normanPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_normanPickaxe.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_normanPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_normanPlate.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_normanShovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_normanShovel.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_obsidianFlake.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_obsidianFlake.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentBuildings.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentBuildings.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentItems.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentItems.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentSadhu.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentSadhu.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentVillageScroll.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentVillageScroll.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentVillagers.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_parchmentVillagers.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_purse.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_purse.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_rasgullaId.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_rasgullaId.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_raven_amulet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_raven_amulet.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_rice.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_rice.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_sake.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_sake.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_silk.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_silk.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_souvlaki.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_souvlaki.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_taichiSword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_taichiSword.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_tapestry.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_tapestry.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_tripes.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_tripes.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_turmeric.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_turmeric.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_udon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_udon.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_unknownPowder.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_unknownPowder.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_vegcurry.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_vegcurry.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_villageWand.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_villageWand.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_vine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_vine.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_wah.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_wah.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_wine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_wine.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_wine_basic.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_wine_basic.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.name
fe.protection.inventory.millenaire.item.ml_yumiBow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ml_yumiBow.name
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemAtomicManipulator.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Manipulator
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBlueprint.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.name.blueprintFusion
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ac.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ag.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.al.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.am.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.as.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.at.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.au.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.b.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ba.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.be.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bh.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bi.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bk.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.br.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.c.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ca.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cd.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ce.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cf.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cl.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cm.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cn.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.co.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cr.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cs.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cu.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.db.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.dy.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.er.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.es.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.eu.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.f.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fm.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fr.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ga.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.gd.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ge.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.h.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.he.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hf.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hg.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ho.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hs.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.i.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.in.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ir.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.k.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.kr.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.la.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.li.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.lr.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.lu.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.md.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mg.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mn.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mo.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mt.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.n.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.na.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.nb.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.nd.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ne.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ni.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.no.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.np.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.o.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.os.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.p.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pa.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pb.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pd.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pm.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.po.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pr.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pt.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pu.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ra.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rb.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.re.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rf.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rg.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rh.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rn.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ru.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.s.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sb.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sc.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.se.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sg.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.si.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sm.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sn.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sr.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ta.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tb.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tc.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.te.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.th.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ti.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tl.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tm.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.u.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.uut.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.v.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.w.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.xe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.y.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.yb.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.zn.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.zr.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aalc.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.acetate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.alinine.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.almadine.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumhypophosphite.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumoxide.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumphosphate.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ammonia.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ammonium.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.amphetamine.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.arginine.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.arsenicoxide.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asbestos.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asparagine.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asparticacid.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asprin.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.augite.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.beryl.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.biotite.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.blackpigment.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.blueorgodye.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.buli.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.butene.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calcicpyroxene.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calciumcarbonate.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calciumoxide.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.carbonate.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.carbondioxide.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.caulerpenyne.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cellulose.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cesiumhydroxide.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.chromate.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.chromite.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cocaine.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cocainehcl.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cucurbitacin.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cyanide.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cysteine.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ddt.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.dimethyltryptamine.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.dota.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ethanol.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fibroin.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fingolimod.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.forsterite.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.franciumhydroxide.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fullrene.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.gallicacid.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.galliumarsenide.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.galliumoxide.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glucose.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glutamates.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glutamine.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glycine.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glyphosate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.greenpigment.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hcl.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hist.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.histidine.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hperox.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydrogensulfide.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydronium.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydroxide.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydroxylapatite.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hypophosphite.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.iron3oxide.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ironoxide.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.isoleucine.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.isoprene.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.kaolinite.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.keratin.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.latropine.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lazurite.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lcd.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.leucine.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lightbluepigment.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.limepigment.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lithiumhydroxide.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lysine.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnesiumcarbonate.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnesiumoxide.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnetite.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.malicacid.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.memethacrylate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.meoh.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mescaline.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.metasilicate.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.metblue.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methamphetamine.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methionine.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methyl.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methylene.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mt.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mycotoxin.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nepheline.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nitrate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nitrogendioxide.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nodularin.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.noselite.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.oleicacid.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.olivine.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.omphacite.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.orangepigment.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.orthoclase.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pal2.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pantherine.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.penicillin.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.peridot.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.peroxide.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phenylalanine.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phosgene.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phosphate.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plagioclasealbite.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plagioclaseanorthite.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plat.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pmma.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.polyisobutylene.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.polyvinylchloride.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumhydroxide.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumnitrate.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumoxide.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.proline.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.propane.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.psilocybin.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.purpleorgodye.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.purplepigment.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pyrite.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pyrope.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.radchlor.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redgarnet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redorgodye.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redpigment.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.retinol.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.rubidiumhydroxide.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.salt.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.serine.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.shikimicacid.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.silicate.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.silicondioxide.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.siliconoxide.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodalite.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumbisulfate.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumhydroxide.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumoxide.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumsulfate.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.spessartine.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.starch.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.strontiumnitrate.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sucrose.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfurdioxide.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfuricacid.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.talc.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tannicacid.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.testosterone.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tetrodotoxin.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.thc.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.theobromine.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.threonine.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tnt.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.toluene.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.topaz.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tryptophan.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tyrosine.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.valine.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.vinylchloride.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.weedex.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.whitepigment.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.xanax.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.xylitol.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.yellowpigment.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.zoisite.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemElement.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY element.empty
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemJournal.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemist's Journal
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemMolecule.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY molecule.cellulose
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemOpticalMicroscopeLens.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.name.concaveLens
fe.protection.inventory.minechem.minechemPolytool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Polytool
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hopper Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.mo.android_pill.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Pill
fe.protection.inventory.mo.battery.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_base.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Base
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_matter_extractor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Extractor
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_power_generator.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Generator
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_residential.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Residential Buildings
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_ship_hangar.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ship Hangar
fe.protection.inventory.mo.contract.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Contract
fe.protection.inventory.mo.creative_battery.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Battery
fe.protection.inventory.mo.creative_pattern_drive.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Pattern Drive
fe.protection.inventory.mo.data_pad.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Data Pad
fe.protection.inventory.mo.dilithium_crystal.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dilithium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.mo.earl_gray_tea.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
fe.protection.inventory.mo.emergency_ration.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Emergency Ration
fe.protection.inventory.mo.energy_pack.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Pack
fe.protection.inventory.mo.forcefield_emitter.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Force Field Emitter
fe.protection.inventory.mo.h_compensator.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Heisenberg Compensator
fe.protection.inventory.mo.hc_battery.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY High Capacity Battery
fe.protection.inventory.mo.integration_matrix.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Integration Matrix
fe.protection.inventory.mo.ion_sniper.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ion Sniper
fe.protection.inventory.mo.isolinear_circuit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Isolinear Circuit Mk1
fe.protection.inventory.mo.machine_casing.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Casing
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_container.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Matter Container
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_container_full.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Matter Container
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_dust.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_dust_refined.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Matter Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_scanner.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.mo.me_conversion_matrix.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter-Energy Conversion Matrix
fe.protection.inventory.mo.network_flash_drive.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Flash Drive
fe.protection.inventory.mo.omni_tool.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Omni Tool
fe.protection.inventory.mo.pattern_drive.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pattern Drive
fe.protection.inventory.mo.phaser.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Phaser
fe.protection.inventory.mo.phaser_rifle.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Phaser Rifle
fe.protection.inventory.mo.plasma_core.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Core
fe.protection.inventory.mo.plasma_shotgun.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Shotgun
fe.protection.inventory.mo.romulan_ale.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Romulan Ale
fe.protection.inventory.mo.rouge_android_part.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Android Head
fe.protection.inventory.mo.s_magnet.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Superconductor Magnet
fe.protection.inventory.mo.scout_ship.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Scout Ship
fe.protection.inventory.mo.security_protocol.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Protocol
fe.protection.inventory.mo.ship_colonizer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Colonizer Ship
fe.protection.inventory.mo.ship_factory.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ship Factory
fe.protection.inventory.mo.sniper_scope.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sniper Scope
fe.protection.inventory.mo.spacetime_equalizer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Space-Time Equalizer
fe.protection.inventory.mo.transport_flash_drive.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Transport Flash Drive
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritainum_spine.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Spine
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_dust.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_plate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.mo.upgrade.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Shell
fe.protection.inventory.mo.weapon_handle.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Weapon Handle
fe.protection.inventory.mo.weapon_module_barrel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dilithium Focusing Matrix
fe.protection.inventory.mo.weapon_module_color.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Module (Red)
fe.protection.inventory.mo.weapon_receiver.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Weapon Receiver
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.blockgun.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Floating Block Gun(Short)
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.carrotgravitizeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot(+G)
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.earthstone.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Stone
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.g_arrow.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY G-Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.g_hook.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY G-Arrow With Rope
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.g_rapplegun.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY G-rappleGun
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.gravitycontroller.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY GravityController
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.lifesoup.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Life Soup
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.portablegravity.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Gravity
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.potatogravitizeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato(+G)
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.seedsgravitized.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds(+G)
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.solarwindFan.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY SolarWindFan
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.starbed.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY StarBed
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.starcontroller.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY StarController
fe.protection.inventory.modJ_StarMiner.starcore_dust.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stardust
fe.protection.inventory.moskeletons.item.FlameBone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Flame bone
fe.protection.inventory.moskeletons.item.FrozenBone.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Frozen bone
fe.protection.inventory.moskeletons.item.MinerHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.moskeletons.item.ObsidianBone.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Bone
fe.protection.inventory.moskeletons.item.PirateSword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pirate Sword
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY IO Bus
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.inventory.props.clay.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Crafting Clay
fe.protection.inventory.props.props.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Creeper
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.artifactGenerationTag.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Artifact Generation Tag
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.blockSelector.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Selector
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.blockSelectorFloating.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Floating Block Selector
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.bookGenerationTag.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Book Generation Tag
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.inventoryGenerationSingleTag.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Single Item Generation Tag
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.inventoryGenerationTag.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Generation Tag
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.inventory_generation_component_tag.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Generation Component Tag
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.advanced_chainsaw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.advanced_drill.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.basic_chainsaw.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.basic_drill.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.flux_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.flux_infused_crusher.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Crusher
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.hardened_chainsaw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.hardened_drill.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.leadstone_chainsaw.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Leadstone Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.leadstone_drill.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leadstone Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.motor_eio.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Motor
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.motor_te.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Leadstone Motor
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.redstone_chainsaw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.redstone_drill.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.resonant_chainsaw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Resonant Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.resonant_drill.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Resonant Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.sj_replacement.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Soularium
fe.protection.inventory.rfdrills.soul_crusher.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Soularium Crusher
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blindness Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Button Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Porter
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Computer Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Developers Delight
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimension Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Template
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Flight Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Haste Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Information Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Night Vision Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Orphaning Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Peace Essence
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Peaceful Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Poison Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Regeneration Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY RFTools Manual
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Saturation Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shape Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard Wand
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Slowness Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Smart Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY unknown.name
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Text Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakness Module
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.armorPlatings.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.simplyjetpacks.armorPlatings.name
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.components.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Strap
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.fluxpacks.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.simplyjetpacks.pack.te.name
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.fluxpacksCommon.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.simplyjetpacks.pack.name
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.jetpackFueller.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack Fueller
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.jetpacks.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.simplyjetpacks.pack.te.name
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.jetpacksCommon.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuberous Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.mysteriousPotato.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mysterious Potato
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.particleCustomizers.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Particle Customizer (Default)
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.acidbucket.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.hook.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hook
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.hookBullet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hook Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.lightningfirework.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lightning rocket
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.zettaindustries.fakeitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.null.name
fe.protection.use.*                                                                              # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.clipper.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Clipper
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.clipping.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Clipping
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.cropsItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.debugger.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Debugger
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.handRake.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.journal.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.magnifyingGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedAllium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Allium Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedCactus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cactus Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedCarrot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedDaisy.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Daisy Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedDandelion.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dandelion Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedOrchid.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Blue Orchid Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedPoppy.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Poppy Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedPotato.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Potato Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedShroomBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Brown Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedShroomRed.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Red Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedSugarcane.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedTulipOrange.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Orange Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedTulipPink.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pink Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedTulipRed.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Red Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedTulipWhite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE White Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.trowel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Atlas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Atlas Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Print Press Chase
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                             # (default: true) USE Clipboard
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                          # (default: true) USE Lock and Key
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Screw Gun
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) USE Reading Glasses
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                               # (default: true) USE Drafting Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                               # (default: true) USE Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                       # (default: true) USE Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Big Writing Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                                # (default: true) USE Eternal Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Framing Board
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Framing Saw
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Framing Sheet
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hand Drill
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                              # (default: true) USE Painting Canvas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Plumb line
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Print Press Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Slotted Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                            # (default: true) USE Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack1.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack2.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack3.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack4.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack5.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                                      # (default: true) USE BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ancient Staff
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Muddy Axe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Biome Essence
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biome Radar
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Muddy Boots
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.bucket.name
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                             # (default: true) USE Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dart
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Dart Blower
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Enderporter
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Flippers
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Berry
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Empty Jar
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Honey Jar
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) USE Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Mud Brick
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mud Ball
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) USE Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Gold Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mud Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stone Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Muddy Sword
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wading Boots
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                        # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                          # (default: true) USE Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dark Axe
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dark Boots
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Dark Plate
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dark Helm
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dark Leggings
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dark Pick
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dark Shears
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE The Ender
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Broken Spawner
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Conduit Facade
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Conduit Probe
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE "Enderios"
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Enderface
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                               # (default: true) USE Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemGasConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Gas Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Glider Wing
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Item Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                        # (default: true) USE ME Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Machine Chassis
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Electromagnet
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Silicon
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Coal Powder
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Energy Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Soul Vial
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Experience Rod
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.use.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ender Pouch
fe.protection.use.EnderTech.endertech.exchanger.*                                                # (default: true) USE Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Angel Ring
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                          # (default: true) USE Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Healing Axe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Division Sigil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Etheric Sword
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Glove
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Golden Lasso
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                                # (default: true) USE Heating Coil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Kikoku
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) USE ERR
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soul fragment
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Portable Scanner
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Precision Shears
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Watering Can
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Unnamed
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern.*                                             # (default: true) USE Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.use.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern_dirty.*                                       # (default: true) USE Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.compost_pile.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Compost
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.garden_trowel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Garden Trowel
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.soil_test_kit.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.soil_test_kit_used.*                                                # (default: true) USE Used Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.wax.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Wax
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.candle.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Candle
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.chain_link.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Chain Link
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.iron_nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.moss_paste.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Moss Paste
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_nugget.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.GardenTrees.candelilla.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Candelilla
fe.protection.use.GardenTrees.candelilla_seeds.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Candelilla Seeds
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft.grc.rope.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rope
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCider.*                                            # (default: true) USE Apple Cider
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.0.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.1.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.2.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.3.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.4.*                                    # (default: true) USE Silken Nectar Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.5.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderBucket.6.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apple Cider Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCider_bucket.*                                     # (default: true) USE Apple Cider Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) USE Apple Core
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bamboo.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bamboo
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooCoal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bamboo Charcoal
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoorItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooRaft.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bamboo Raft
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShootFood.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.bee.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bee
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyComb.*                                               # (default: true) USE Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyCombEmpty.*                                          # (default: true) USE Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyCombFilled.*                                         # (default: true) USE Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyJar.*                                                # (default: true) USE Honey
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMead.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mead
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.0.*                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.1.*                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.2.*                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.3.*                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.4.*                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.5.*                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadBucket.6.*                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMead_bucket.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.chievItemDummy.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.grc.chievItemDummy.name
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.waterBag.*                                              # (default: true) USE Water Bag (White)
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.yeast.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Brewers Yeast
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) USE Common Grape Seeds
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWine.*                                             # (default: true) USE Grape Wine
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.0.*                                     # (default: true) USE Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.1.*                                     # (default: true) USE Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.2.*                                     # (default: true) USE Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.3.*                                     # (default: true) USE Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.4.*                                     # (default: true) USE Ambrosia Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.5.*                                     # (default: true) USE Port Wine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.6.*                                     # (default: true) USE Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineBucket.7.*                                     # (default: true) USE Grape Wine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWine_bucket.*                                      # (default: true) USE Grape Wine Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapes.*                                                # (default: true) USE Common Grapes
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAle.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ale
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.0.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.1.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.2.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.3.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.4.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.5.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.6.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.7.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleBucket.8.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAle_bucket.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ale Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) USE Common Hop Seeds
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hops.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Common Hops
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lager.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lager
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.0.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lager Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.1.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lager Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.2.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lager Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.3.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lager Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.4.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lager Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.5.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lager Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerBucket.6.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lager Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.rice.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Paddy Rice Grain
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBall.*                                                # (default: true) USE Onigiri
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSake.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sake
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.0.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sake Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.1.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sake Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.2.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sake Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.3.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sake Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.4.*                                        # (default: true) USE Divine Sake Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.5.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sake Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeBucket.6.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sake Bucket
fe.protection.use.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSake_bucket.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sake Bucket (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                               # (default: true) USE Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Empty Casing
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                                    # (default: true) USE LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                       # (default: true) USE Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                                # (default: true) USE Jerrycan
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                                # (default: true) USE Treated Stick
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Railgun
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                                # (default: true) USE Revolver
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Shader
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                               # (default: true) USE Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.use.JABBA.mover.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Diamond dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                             # (default: true) USE B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Storage upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Sticker
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Â§8Black Balloon
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bio Fuel
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Brine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Iron Clump
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Configurator
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Crystal
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dictionary
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Electric Bow
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Energy Tablet
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Enriched Iron
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Basic Factory Installer
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FilterCard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Filter Card
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Flamethrower
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Free Runners
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Gas Mask
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Â§8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Network Reader
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                          # (default: true) USE HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Robit
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Sawdust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Scuba Tank
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Seismic Reader
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Iron Shard
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Substrate
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Teleportation Core
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hohlraum
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Solar Panel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                              # (default: true) USE Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Gold Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Osmium Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Osmium Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Osmium Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wood Paxel
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.biofuel.*                                           # (default: true) USE BioFuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.chocolatemilk.*                                     # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.essence.*                                           # (default: true) USE Essence Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.meat.*                                              # (default: true) USE Meat Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.mushroomsoup.*                                      # (default: true) USE Mushroom Soup Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.pinkslime.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pink Slime Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sewage.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sewage Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sludge.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.ceramicdye.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ceramic Dye (White)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.fertilizer.*                                               # (default: true) USE Industrial Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.fishingrod.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Precision Sledgehammer
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.laserfocus.*                                               # (default: true) USE Laser Focus (White)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.cooked.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Meat Ingot
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.raw.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Meat Ingot
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.cooked.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.raw.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raw "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.milkbottle.*                                               # (default: true) USE Milk Bottle
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.*                                                # (default: true) USE Needlegun
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.anvil.*                                     # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Anvil)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.empty.*                                     # (default: true) USE Needlegun Magazine
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.fire.*                                      # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Fire)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.lava.*                                      # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Lava)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.pierce.*                                    # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Shrapnel)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sewage.*                                    # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Sewage)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sludge.*                                    # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Sludge)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.standard.*                                  # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Needles)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pink Slimeball
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.bag.*                                              # (default: true) USE Plastic Bag
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.boots.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plastic Boots
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.cup.*                                              # (default: true) USE Plastic Cup
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.raw.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Plastic
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.sheet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plastic Sheets
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.portaspawner.*                                             # (default: true) USE PortaSpawner
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.potatolauncher.*                                           # (default: true) USE Potato Cannon
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.record.blank.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blank Record
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.memorycard.*                                        # (default: true) USE PRC Memory Card
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.meter.*                                             # (default: true) USE RedNet Meter
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rocket.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tracking Self-Propelled Anti Material Rocket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rocketlauncher.*                                           # (default: true) USE SPAMR Launcher
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.bar.*                                               # (default: true) USE Rubber Bar
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.raw.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Rubber
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.ruler.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ruler
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.fancy.*                                   # (default: true) USE Golden Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.launcher.*                                       # (default: true) USE Safari Net Launcher
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.reusable.*                                       # (default: true) USE Safari Net (Reusable)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.singleuse.*                                      # (default: true) USE Safari Net (Single-Use)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.spyglass.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spyglass
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.straw.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Straw
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.sugarcharcoal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.cure.*                                             # (default: true) USE De-Zombification Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.empty.*                                            # (default: true) USE Empty Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.growth.*                                           # (default: true) USE Growth Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.health.*                                           # (default: true) USE Health Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.slime.*                                            # (default: true) USE Slime Embiggening Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.zombie.*                                           # (default: true) USE Zombie Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.logic.*                                            # (default: true) USE PRC LX-100 Logic Expansion Card
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.radius.*                                           # (default: true) USE Upgrade (Lapis)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.xpextractor.*                                              # (default: true) USE XP Extractor
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.chemicalX.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chemical X
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.creeperShard.*                                            # (default: true) USE Creeper Shard
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.creeperStats.*                                            # (default: true) USE Creeper Stats
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.endersoulHand.*                                           # (default: true) USE Endersoul Hand
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.hulkHammer.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hulk Hammer
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.mcSpawnEgg.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.mcSpawnEgg
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorBoots.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mutant Skeleton Boots
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorChest.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mutant Skeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorHead.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mutant Skeleton Helmet
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.skeleArmorLegs.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mutant Skeleton Leggings
fe.protection.use.MutantCreatures.item.skeletonPart.*                                            # (default: true) USE Skeleton Limb
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cartographer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crane Backpack
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crane Control
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cursor
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                           # (default: true) USE /dev/null
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Epic Eraser
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE XP Bucket
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Glider Wing
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pointer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Golden eye
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Hang Glider
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Height Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                          # (default: true) USE World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Luggage
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Paint Brush
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Pedometer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Badass Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Slimalyzer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sponge
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Squeegee
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stencil
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tasty Clay
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) USE Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cargo Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gift Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tank Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Work Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.dust.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Emblem
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cut Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Refined Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                              # (default: true) USE Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                              # (default: true) USE Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Creosote Can
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                                # (default: true) USE Creosote Cell
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                           # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steam Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Coal Coke
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bleached Clay
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Controller Circuit
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Standard Rail
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rebar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Signal Lamp
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Tie
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Turbine Disk
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Routing Table
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                                # (default: true) USE Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                            # (default: true) USE Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                                # (default: true) USE Electric Meter
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                              # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Signal Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Shears
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biome Capsule
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biome Painter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bloodstone
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) USE Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Creative Grower
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Creative Sword
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Drop Filter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ender Letter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.filter.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Block Filter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Empty Ginto
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Flask of Poison
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Player Core
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Magnetic Force
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sound Recorder
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spectre Boots
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Spectre Key
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spectre Sword
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spirit Binder
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Void Stone
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.armor.bootsFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.armor.helmetFlux.*                                             # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.armor.legsFlux.*                                               # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.armor.plateFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.material.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.axeFlux.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.battleWrenchFlux.*                                        # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.bowFlux.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.fishingRodFlux.*                                          # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.pickaxeFlux.*                                             # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.shovelFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.sickleFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.swordFlux.*                                               # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.wrenchFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.mirror.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mirror
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.solarCell1.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Photovoltaic cell I
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.solarCell2.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Photovoltaic cell II
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.solarCell3.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Photovoltaic cell III
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.solarCell4.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Photovoltaic cell IV
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeBlank.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blank upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeCapacity.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Capacity upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeEfficiency.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Efficiency upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeFurnace.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Furnace upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeLowLight.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Low light upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeTransferRate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Transfer rate upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeTraversal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Machine traversal upgrade
fe.protection.use.SpiceOfLife.bookfoodjournal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Food Journal
fe.protection.use.SpiceOfLife.lunchbag.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lunch Bag
fe.protection.use.SpiceOfLife.lunchbox.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lunch Box
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Cover
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Filter
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Retriever
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Servo
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Flux Chiller
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Schematic
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Florb (EmptyÂ§r)
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Flux Igniter
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Multimeter
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                                        # (default: true) USE FluiVac
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Creative Satchel
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                                      # (default: true) USE BattleWrench
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Electrum Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                           # (default: true) USE Invar Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lead Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shiny Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                                         # (default: true) USE Copper Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) USE Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                          # (default: true) USE Invar Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lead Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) USE Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                                         # (default: true) USE Silver Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tin Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Invar Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lead Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Silver Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                           # (default: true) USE Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                             # (default: true) USE Copper Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Electrum Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                              # (default: true) USE Invar Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lead Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Shiny Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                             # (default: true) USE Silver Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tin Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                             # (default: true) USE Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                              # (default: true) USE Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                             # (default: true) USE Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                                    # (default: true) USE Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                                       # (default: true) USE Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                                    # (default: true) USE Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                                      # (default: true) USE Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                             # (default: true) USE Copper Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                              # (default: true) USE Invar Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lead Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                             # (default: true) USE Silver Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tin Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                                         # (default: true) USE Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) USE Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                          # (default: true) USE Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) USE Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                                         # (default: true) USE Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Electrum Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                           # (default: true) USE Invar Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lead Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shiny Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                           # (default: true) USE Invar Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lead Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                           # (default: true) USE Invar Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lead Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Electrum Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Invar Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lead Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shiny Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Silver Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Sword
fe.protection.use.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Private Sniffer
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wireless Remote
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                            # (default: true) USE REP
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Receiver Dish
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                      # (default: true) USE REther Pearl
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Bowl
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.use.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.use.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpAluminum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Aluminum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mithril Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Nickel Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Platinum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpTritanium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tritanium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpTungsten.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Uranium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpYellorium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Yellorium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpZinc.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Zinc Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedAluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedCopper.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedGold.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Gold Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedIron.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedLead.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Lead Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedMithril.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedOsmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedSilver.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Silver Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedTin.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Crushed Tin Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedTritanium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedYellorium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedZinc.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalAluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Aluminum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalTritanium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tritanium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalYellorium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Yellorium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalZinc.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyTritanium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyYellorium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyZinc.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTungsten.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardAluminum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Aluminum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mithril Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Nickel Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Platinum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardTritanium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tritanium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardTungsten.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Uranium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardYellorium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Yellorium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardZinc.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Zinc Shard
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                            # (default: true) USE 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                             # (default: true) USE 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                             # (default: true) USE 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                            # (default: true) USE 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                             # (default: true) USE Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                     # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                  # (default: true) USE Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                   # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                       # (default: true) USE ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                       # (default: true) USE Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                     # (default: true) USE 128Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                      # (default: true) USE 16Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                       # (default: true) USE 2Â³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                        # (default: true) USE View Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                   # (default: true) USE Biometric Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                        # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                             # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                               # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                               # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                              # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                    # (default: true) USE Charged Staff
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                 # (default: true) USE Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                              # (default: true) USE Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                      # (default: true) USE Matter Cannon
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                      # (default: true) USE Memory Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                        # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                             # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                               # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                               # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                     # (default: true) USE Network Tool
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                    # (default: true) USE Portable Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                                # (default: true) USE Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainer.*                                            # (default: true) USE Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerChest.*                                       # (default: true) USE Chest Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerFeet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Feet Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerHead.*                                        # (default: true) USE Head Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerLegs.*                                        # (default: true) USE Legs Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.blockMarker.*                                                # (default: true) USE Block Marker
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.burnTool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Burn Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.colourNoiseTool.*                                            # (default: true) USE Colour Noise Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.colourPicker.*                                               # (default: true) USE Colour Picker
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.dodgeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dodge Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.dyeBottle.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dye Bottle
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Equipment Skin
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkinTemplate.*                                      # (default: true) USE Equipment Skin Template
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.guideBook.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Guide Book
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.hueTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hue Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.mannequinTool.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mannequin Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.paintRoller.*                                                # (default: true) USE Paint Roller
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.paintbrush.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.shadeNoiseTool.*                                             # (default: true) USE Shade Noise Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.soap.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Soap
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.wandOfStyle.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Of Style
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_gem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Amethyst
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_saw.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Amethyst Saw
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_sickle.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Amethyst Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.use.bluepower.athame.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Athame
fe.protection.use.bluepower.blue_alloy_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Blue Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.blue_doped_wafer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Blue Doped Wafer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.bluestone_anode_tile.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bluestone Anode Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.bluestone_cathode_tile.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bluestone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.bluestone_pointer_tile.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bluestone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.bluestone_wire_tile.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bluestone Wire Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.brass_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Brass Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.canvas.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Canvas
fe.protection.use.bluepower.canvas_bag.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Black Canvas Bag
fe.protection.use.bluepower.copper_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.copper_wire.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fine Copper Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.diamond_drawplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Drawplate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.diamond_sickle.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.flax_seeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flax Seeds
fe.protection.use.bluepower.gold_sickle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gold Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.indigo_dye.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Indigo Dye
fe.protection.use.bluepower.infused_teslatite_dust.*                                             # (default: true) USE Infused Teslatite Dust
fe.protection.use.bluepower.iron_sickle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.iron_wire.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fine Iron Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.lumar.*                                                              # (default: true) USE White Lumar
fe.protection.use.bluepower.paint_brush.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Black Paint Brush
fe.protection.use.bluepower.paint_can.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Black Paint Can
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.accelerator.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Accelerator
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.and.*                                                           # (default: true) USE AND Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.buffer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Buffer Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.*                                                # (default: true) USE Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.*                                                # (default: true) USE Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.*                                                # (default: true) USE Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.*                                           # (default: true) USE Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) USE Inverted Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.*                                           # (default: true) USE Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) USE Inverted Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.*                                              # (default: true) USE Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) USE Inverted Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.*                                               # (default: true) USE Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inverted Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.*                                               # (default: true) USE Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inverted Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.*                                                # (default: true) USE White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.*                                               # (default: true) USE Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inverted Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.comparator.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Comparator
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.counter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Counter
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.black.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.black.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Black Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blue Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Blue Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Brown Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Brown Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gray Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Gray Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.green.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Green Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.green.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Green Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.*                                            # (default: true) USE Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) USE Inverted Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.*                                            # (default: true) USE Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) USE Inverted Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lime Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Lime Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.*                                               # (default: true) USE Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inverted Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.*                                                # (default: true) USE Orange Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Orange Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pink Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Pink Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purple Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Purple Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.red.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Red Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.red.inverted.*                                          # (default: true) USE Inverted Red Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.white.*                                                 # (default: true) USE White Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.white.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.*                                                # (default: true) USE Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit3x3.*                                          # (default: true) USE 3x3 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit5x5.*                                          # (default: true) USE 5x5 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit7x7.*                                          # (default: true) USE 7x7 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.inverter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Inverter
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.lightCell.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Light Sensor
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.magTube.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Magtube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.multiplexer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Multiplexer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.nand.*                                                          # (default: true) USE NAND Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.nor.*                                                           # (default: true) USE NOR Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.not.*                                                           # (default: true) USE NOT Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.nullcell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Null Cell
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.or.*                                                            # (default: true) USE OR Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.pneumaticTube.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.pneumaticTubeOpaque.*                                           # (default: true) USE Opaque Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.pulseformer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pulse Former
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.randomizer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Randomizer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.regulabletorch.*                                                # (default: true) USE Regulable Torch
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.repeater.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Repeater
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.restrictionTube.*                                               # (default: true) USE Restriction Tube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.restrictionTubeOpaque.*                                         # (default: true) USE Opaque Restriction Tube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.rs.*                                                            # (default: true) USE RS Latch
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.sequencer.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sequencer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.state.*                                                         # (default: true) USE State Cell
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.synchronizer.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Synchronizer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.timer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Timer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.toggle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Toggle Latch
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.transparent.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Transparent Latch
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.black.*                                          # (default: true) USE Black Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.blue.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.brown.*                                          # (default: true) USE Brown Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.black.*                                  # (default: true) USE Black Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                                   # (default: true) USE Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                                  # (default: true) USE Brown Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cyan Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                                   # (default: true) USE Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.green.*                                  # (default: true) USE Green Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                             # (default: true) USE Light Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                             # (default: true) USE Light Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                                   # (default: true) USE Lime Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                                # (default: true) USE Magenta Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                                 # (default: true) USE Orange Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                                   # (default: true) USE Pink Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                                 # (default: true) USE Purple Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.red.*                                    # (default: true) USE Red Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.white.*                                  # (default: true) USE White Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                                 # (default: true) USE Yellow Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.cyan.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cyan Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.gray.*                                           # (default: true) USE Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.green.*                                          # (default: true) USE Green Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_blue.*                                     # (default: true) USE Light Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_gray.*                                     # (default: true) USE Light Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.lime.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lime Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.magenta.*                                        # (default: true) USE Magenta Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.orange.*                                         # (default: true) USE Orange Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.pink.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pink Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.purple.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purple Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.red.*                                            # (default: true) USE Red Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.white.*                                          # (default: true) USE White Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.yellow.*                                         # (default: true) USE Yellow Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.*                                   # (default: true) USE Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.black.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.blue.*                              # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.brown.*                             # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.*                           # (default: true) USE Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.black.*                     # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                      # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                     # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                      # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                      # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.green.*                     # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                      # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                   # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                    # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                      # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                    # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.red.*                       # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.white.*                     # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                    # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.cyan.*                              # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.gray.*                              # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.green.*                             # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_blue.*                        # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_gray.*                        # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.lime.*                              # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.magenta.*                           # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.orange.*                            # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.pink.*                              # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.purple.*                            # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.red.*                               # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.white.*                             # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.yellow.*                            # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.*                            # (default: true) USE Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.black.*                      # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.blue.*                       # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.brown.*                      # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                    # (default: true) USE Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*              # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*               # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*              # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*               # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*               # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*              # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*         # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*         # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*               # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*            # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*             # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*               # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*             # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*              # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*             # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                       # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.gray.*                       # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.green.*                      # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                 # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                 # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.lime.*                       # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                    # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.orange.*                     # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.pink.*                       # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.purple.*                     # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.red.*                        # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.white.*                      # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.*                                    # (default: true) USE Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.black.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.blue.*                               # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.brown.*                              # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.*                            # (default: true) USE Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.black.*                      # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                       # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                      # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                       # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                       # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.green.*                      # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                 # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                 # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                       # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                    # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                     # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                       # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                     # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.red.*                        # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.white.*                      # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.cyan.*                               # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.gray.*                               # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.green.*                              # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_blue.*                         # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_gray.*                         # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.lime.*                               # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.magenta.*                            # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.orange.*                             # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.pink.*                               # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.purple.*                             # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.red.*                                # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.white.*                              # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.yellow.*                             # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.black.*                                   # (default: true) USE Black Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.blue.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.brown.*                                   # (default: true) USE Brown Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*                           # (default: true) USE Black Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*                            # (default: true) USE Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*                           # (default: true) USE Brown Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*                            # (default: true) USE Cyan Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*                            # (default: true) USE Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*                           # (default: true) USE Green Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*                      # (default: true) USE Light Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*                      # (default: true) USE Light Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*                            # (default: true) USE Lime Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*                         # (default: true) USE Magenta Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*                          # (default: true) USE Orange Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*                            # (default: true) USE Pink Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*                          # (default: true) USE Purple Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                             # (default: true) USE Red Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*                           # (default: true) USE White Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*                          # (default: true) USE Yellow Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cyan Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.gray.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.green.*                                   # (default: true) USE Green Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.lime.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lime Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                                 # (default: true) USE Magenta Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.orange.*                                  # (default: true) USE Orange Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.pink.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pink Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.purple.*                                  # (default: true) USE Purple Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.red.*                                     # (default: true) USE Red Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.white.*                                   # (default: true) USE White Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                                  # (default: true) USE Yellow Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.black.*                                           # (default: true) USE Black Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.blue.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.brown.*                                           # (default: true) USE Brown Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.black.*                                   # (default: true) USE Black Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                                   # (default: true) USE Brown Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cyan Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.green.*                                   # (default: true) USE Green Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lime Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                                 # (default: true) USE Magenta Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                                  # (default: true) USE Orange Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pink Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                                  # (default: true) USE Purple Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.red.*                                     # (default: true) USE Red Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.white.*                                   # (default: true) USE White Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                                  # (default: true) USE Yellow Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.cyan.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cyan Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.gray.*                                            # (default: true) USE Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.green.*                                           # (default: true) USE Green Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_blue.*                                      # (default: true) USE Light Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_gray.*                                      # (default: true) USE Light Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.lime.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lime Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.magenta.*                                         # (default: true) USE Magenta Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.orange.*                                          # (default: true) USE Orange Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.pink.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pink Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.purple.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purple Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.red.*                                             # (default: true) USE Red Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.white.*                                           # (default: true) USE White Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.yellow.*                                          # (default: true) USE Yellow Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Digital Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.*                                    # (default: true) USE Analog Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.bundled.*                            # (default: true) USE Analog Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.bundled.*                                   # (default: true) USE Digital Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.xnor.*                                                          # (default: true) USE XNOR Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.xor.*                                                           # (default: true) USE XOR Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.purple_alloy_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purple Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.quartz_resonator_tile.*                                              # (default: true) USE Quartz Resonator Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.red_alloy_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Red Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.red_doped_wafer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Red Doped Wafer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.redstone_anode_tile.*                                                # (default: true) USE Redstone Anode Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.redstone_cathode_tile.*                                              # (default: true) USE Redstone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.redstone_pointer_tile.*                                              # (default: true) USE Redstone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.redstone_wire_tile.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Redstone Wire Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ruby Axe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_gem.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ruby
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_saw.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ruby Saw
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_sickle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Sword
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_gem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sapphire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_saw.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_sickle.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.use.bluepower.screwdriver.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.screwdriver_handle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Screwdriver Handle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.seed_bag.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silicon_boule.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Silicon Boule
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silicon_chip_tile.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silicon_wafer.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Silicon Wafer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silky_screwdriver.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Silky Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silver_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Silver Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.stone_bundle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Bundle Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.stone_sickle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.stone_tile.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Stone Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.tainted_silicon_chip_tile.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tainted Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.teslatite_dust.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Teslatite
fe.protection.use.bluepower.tungsten_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.tungsten_nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.use.bluepower.wood_sickle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.wool_card.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wool Card
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_dust.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_ore_crushed.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_ore_purified.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_tiny_dust.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zincplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Zinc Plate
fe.protection.use.camping.animalParts.*                                                          # (default: true) USE White Fur
fe.protection.use.camping.armorFurBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fur Boots
fe.protection.use.camping.armorFurChest.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fur Tunic
fe.protection.use.camping.armorFurHelm.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Fur Cap
fe.protection.use.camping.armorFurLeg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fur Pants
fe.protection.use.camping.backpack.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Backpack
fe.protection.use.camping.hempItem.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Hemp
fe.protection.use.camping.kit.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Empty Kit
fe.protection.use.camping.knife.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Knife
fe.protection.use.camping.marshmallowStickCooked.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cooked Marshmallow Stick
fe.protection.use.camping.parts.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Canvas
fe.protection.use.camping.venisonCooked.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Venison
fe.protection.use.camping.venisonRaw.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Venison
fe.protection.use.catwalkmod.blowtorch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Blowtorch Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.use.catwalkmod.ropeLight.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Light Rope Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.use.catwalkmod.steelGrate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Steel grate Â§4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.use.catwalks.blowtorch.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Blowtorch
fe.protection.use.catwalks.cautionTape.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Caution Tape
fe.protection.use.catwalks.ropeLight.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Rope Light
fe.protection.use.catwalks.steelgrate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Steel Grate
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemBarStall.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bar Stool
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemBasin.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Basin
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemBath.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Bath
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemBesideCabinet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemBin.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Bin
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemBirdBath.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bird Bath
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemBlender.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Blender
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemBlinds.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Blind
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemBreadSlice.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Bread Slice
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCabinet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cabinet
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCeilingLight.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ceiling Light
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemChairStone.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Chair
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemChairWood.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Chair
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemChoppingBoard.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Chopping Board
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCoffeeTableStone.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Coffee Table
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCoffeeTableWood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Coffee Table
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemComputer.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Computer
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCookedFlesh.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cooked Flesh
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCookieJar.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCoolPack.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cooling Pack
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCouch.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Couch
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCounterDoored.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Kitchen Counter
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCounterSink.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Kitchen Counter (Sink)
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCrayfish.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Crayfish Head (Secret Item)
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCup.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Cup
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemCurtains.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Curtain
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemDishWasher.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dishwasher
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemDollar.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.itemmoney.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemDoorBell.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Door Bell
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemDrink.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.itemdrink.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemElectricFence.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Electric Fence
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemEnvelope.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Envelope
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemEnvelopeSigned.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.itemenvelopesigned.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemFireAlarm.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Fire Alarm
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemFlesh.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Flesh
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemFridge.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Fridge
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemHammer.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemHedgeBasic.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Oak Hedge
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemHedgeBirch.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Birch Hedge
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemHedgeJungle.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Jungle Hedge
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemHedgeSpruce.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spurce Hedge
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemInkCartridge.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ink Cartridge
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemKitchenCabinet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kitchen Cabinet
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemKnife.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Knife
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemLamp.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Lamp
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemMailBox.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Mail Box
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemMicrowave.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Microwave
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemOven.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Oven
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemOvenRangehood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Oven Overhead
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemPackage.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Package
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemPackageSigned.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.itempackagesigned.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemPlate.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Plate
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemPresentGreen.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Empty Present
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemPresentRed.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Empty Present
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemPrinter.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Printer
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemRecipeBook.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemShower.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Shower
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemShowerHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Shower Head
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemSoap.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Soap
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemSoapyWater.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Soapy Water
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemStereo.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Stereo
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemStonePath.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Stone Path
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemSuperSoapyWater.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Super Soapy Water
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemTV.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE TV
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemTableStone.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Table
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemTableWood.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Table
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemTap.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Tap
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemToast.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Toast
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemToaster.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Toaster
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemToilet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Toilet
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemWallCabinet.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wall Cabinet
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemWashingMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Washing Machine
fe.protection.use.cfm.ItemWhiteFence.*                                                           # (default: true) USE White Fence
fe.protection.use.cfm.itemTree.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Christmas Tree
fe.protection.use.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.use.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Smashing Rock
fe.protection.use.chisel.upgrade.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggBeholder.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spawn Beholder
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggBladeTrap.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spawn Blade Trap
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggCaveFisher.*                                               # (default: true) USE Spawn Cave Fisher
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggCockatrice.*                                               # (default: true) USE Spawn Cockatrice
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggDestrachan.*                                               # (default: true) USE Spawn Destrachan
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggGhoul.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spawn Ghoul
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggHellHound.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spawn Hell Hound
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggHookHorror.*                                               # (default: true) USE Spawn Hook Horror
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggIllithid.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spawn Illithid
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggLizalfos.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spawn Lizalfos
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggManticore.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spawn Manticore
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggRakshasa.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spawn Rakshasa
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggRustMonster.*                                              # (default: true) USE Spawn Rust Monster
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggShrieker.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spawn Shrieker
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggThoqqua.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spawn Thoqqua
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggTroll.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spawn Troll
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggUmberHulk.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spawn Umber Hulk
fe.protection.use.dungeonmobs.spawnEggVescavor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spawn Vescavor
fe.protection.use.enderioaddons.bucketBrine1.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Light Brine Bucket
fe.protection.use.enderioaddons.bucketBrine2.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Medium Brine Bucket
fe.protection.use.enderioaddons.bucketBrine3.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Heavy Brine Bucket
fe.protection.use.enderioaddons.bucketBrine4.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Solid Brine Bucket
fe.protection.use.enderioaddons.itemMachineParts.*                                               # (default: true) USE Empty Machine Framework
fe.protection.use.enderioaddons.itemModule.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Breeding Module
fe.protection.use.eplus.enchantment_scroll.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Enchanted Scroll
fe.protection.use.eplus.tableUpgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Table Upgrade
fe.protection.use.eplus.tomb_guardian.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tome: Enchanted Guardian
fe.protection.use.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                        # (default: true) USE null
fe.protection.use.extracells.part.base.*                                                         # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                     # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.component.*                                                 # (default: true) USE 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                     # (default: true) USE ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                            # (default: true) USE ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                       # (default: true) USE ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                              # (default: true) USE ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                  # (default: true) USE ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                       # (default: true) USE Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.use.fairylights.fairy_lights.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fairy Lights
fe.protection.use.fairylights.garland.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Vine Garland
fe.protection.use.fairylights.light.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Fairy Light
fe.protection.use.fairylights.tinsel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tinsel Garland
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.crystalAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Testy Axe
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.crystalPick.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Testy Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.crystalShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Testy Shovel
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.crystalSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Testy Sword
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.roughShard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rough Testy Shard
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.scytheDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.scytheGold.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Gold Scythe
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.scytheIron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Scythe
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.scytheStone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Scythe
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.scytheWood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.seed.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Testy Seed
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.smoothShard.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Smooth Testy Shard
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.universalSeed.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Universal Seed
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.upgradeAutomation.*                                             # (default: true) USE Automation Upgrade
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.upgradeEfficiency.*                                             # (default: true) USE Efficiency Upgrade
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.upgradeNight.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Nocturnal Upgrade
fe.protection.use.fluxedCrystals.upgradeSpeed.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.fossil.AquaticScarabGem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Aquatic Scarab Gem
fe.protection.use.fossil.DominicanAmber.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dominican Amber
fe.protection.use.fossil.amber.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Amber
fe.protection.use.fossil.ancientClock.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ancient Clock
fe.protection.use.fossil.ancientHelmet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ancient Helmet
fe.protection.use.fossil.ancientJavelin.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ancient Javelin
fe.protection.use.fossil.ancientKey.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Ancient Key
fe.protection.use.fossil.ancientSword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ancient Sword
fe.protection.use.fossil.armBone.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Triceratops Arm Bone
fe.protection.use.fossil.bioFossil.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bio-Fossil
fe.protection.use.fossil.brokenAncientHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Broken Ancient Helmet
fe.protection.use.fossil.brokenAncientSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Broken Ancient Sword
fe.protection.use.fossil.claw.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Triceratops Horn
fe.protection.use.fossil.confuciornisCooked.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cooked Confuciusornis
fe.protection.use.fossil.confuciornisRaw.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Confuciusornis
fe.protection.use.fossil.cookedChickenSoup.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken Soup
fe.protection.use.fossil.diamondJavelin.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Javelin
fe.protection.use.fossil.dinoPedia.*                                                             # (default: true) USE DinoPedia
fe.protection.use.fossil.dinoRibCage.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Triceratops Rib Cage
fe.protection.use.fossil.dinoSteak.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Dino Steak
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaAllosaurus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Allosaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaAnkylosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ankylosaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaBrachiosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brachiosaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaCeratosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ceratosaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaChicken.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Chicken DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaCoelacanth.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Coelacanth DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaCompsognathus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Compsognathus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaConfuciusornis.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Confuciousornis DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaCow.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Cow DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaDeinonychus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Deinonychus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaDilophosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dilophosaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaDodo.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Dodo DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaElasmotherium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Elasmotherium DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaGallimimus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gallimimus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaHorse.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Horse DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaLiopleurodon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Liopleurodon DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaMammoth.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mammoth DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaMosasaurus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mosasaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaNautilus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Nautilus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaPachycephalosaurus.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pachycephalosaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaPig.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Pig DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaPlesiosaur.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plesiosaur DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaPterosaur.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pteranodon DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaQuagga.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Quagga DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaSarcosuchus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sarcosuchus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaSheep.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Sheep DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaSmilodon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Smilodon DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaSpinosaurus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spinosaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaStegosaurus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stegosaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaTRex.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Tyrannosaurus DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaTerrorBird.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Terror Bird DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaTriceratops.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Triceratops DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dnaVelociraptor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Velociraptor DNA
fe.protection.use.fossil.dodoWing.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Dodo Wing
fe.protection.use.fossil.dodoWingCooked.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Dodo Wing
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggAllosaurus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE AllosaurusÂ Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggAnkylosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ankylosaurus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggBrachiosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brachiosaurus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggCeratosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ceratosaurus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggCoelacanth.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ocean Coelacanth
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggCompsognathus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Compsognathus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggConfuciusornis.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Confuciusornis Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggCultivatedChicken.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cultivated Chicken Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggCultivatedConfuciusornis.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cultivated Confuciusornis Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggCultivatedDodo.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cultivated Dodo Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggCultivatedTerrorBird.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cultivated Gastornis Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggDeinonychus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Deinonychus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggDilophosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dilophosaurus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggDodo.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Dodo Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggGallimimus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gallimimus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggLiopleurodon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Liopleurodon Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggMosasaurus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mosasaurus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggNautilus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Living Nautilus
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggPachycephalosaurus.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pachycephalosaurus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggPlesiosaur.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plesiosaur Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggPterosaur.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pteranodon Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggSarcosuchus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sarcosuchus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggSpinosaurus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spinosaurus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggStegosaurus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stegosaurus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggTRex.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Tyrannosaurus Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggTerrorBird.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gastornis Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggTriceratops.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Triceratops Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.eggVelociraptor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Velociraptor Egg
fe.protection.use.fossil.embryoCow.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cow Embryo
fe.protection.use.fossil.embryoElasmotherium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Elasmotherium Embryo
fe.protection.use.fossil.embryoHorse.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Horse Embryo
fe.protection.use.fossil.embryoMammoth.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mammoth Embryo
fe.protection.use.fossil.embryoPig.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Pig Embryo
fe.protection.use.fossil.embryoQuagga.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Quagga Embryo
fe.protection.use.fossil.embryoSheep.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Sheep Embryo
fe.protection.use.fossil.embryoSmilodon.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Smilodon Embryo
fe.protection.use.fossil.emptyShell.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Empty Shell
fe.protection.use.fossil.essenceofChicken.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Essence of Chicken
fe.protection.use.fossil.failuresaurusFlesh.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Failuresaurus Flesh
fe.protection.use.fossil.feet.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Feet
fe.protection.use.fossil.fernSeeds.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Ancient Fern Spores
fe.protection.use.fossil.foot.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Triceratops Foot
fe.protection.use.fossil.fossilSeed.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Fossilized Dillhoffia Seeds
fe.protection.use.fossil.fossilSeed_fern.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Fossilized Fern Spores
fe.protection.use.fossil.goldJavelin.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gold Javelin
fe.protection.use.fossil.icedMeat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Frozen Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.ironJavelin.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Javelin
fe.protection.use.fossil.legBone.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Triceratops Leg Bone
fe.protection.use.fossil.magicConch.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Magic Conch
fe.protection.use.fossil.music.anu.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Fossil Record
fe.protection.use.fossil.palaeSaplingFossil.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Petrified Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.use.fossil.plantFossil.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Plant Fossil
fe.protection.use.fossil.potteryShard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pottery Shard
fe.protection.use.fossil.quaggaMeat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Quagga Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.quaggaMeatCooked.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Quagga Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawAllosaurus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Allosaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawAnkylosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ankylosaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawBrachiosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brachiosaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawCeratosaurus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ceratosaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawChickenSoup.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken Soup
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawCompsognathus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Compsognathus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawDeinonychus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Deinonychus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawDilophosaurus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dilophosaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawGallimimus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gallimimus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawLiopleurodon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Liopleurodon Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawMosasaurus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mosasaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawNautilus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Nautilus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawPachycephalosaurus.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pachycephalosaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawPlesiosaur.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plesiosaur Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawPterosaur.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pteranodon Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawSarcosuchus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sarcosuchus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawSpinosaurus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spinosaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawStegosaurus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stegosaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawTRex.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Tyrannosaurus Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawTriceratops.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Triceratops Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.rawVelociraptor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Velociraptor Meat
fe.protection.use.fossil.record_bones.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fossil Record
fe.protection.use.fossil.relicScrap.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Relic Scrap
fe.protection.use.fossil.ribCage.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Rib Cage
fe.protection.use.fossil.sJL.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Sio-Chiu-Le
fe.protection.use.fossil.scarabAxe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Scarab Axe
fe.protection.use.fossil.scarabGem.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Scarab Gem
fe.protection.use.fossil.scarabHoe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Scarab Hoe
fe.protection.use.fossil.scarabPickAxe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Scarab PickAxe
fe.protection.use.fossil.scarabShovel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Scarab Shovel
fe.protection.use.fossil.scarabSword.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Scarab Sword
fe.protection.use.fossil.seed.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Dillhoffia Seeds
fe.protection.use.fossil.shinGuards.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Shin Guards
fe.protection.use.fossil.skull.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Triceratops Skull
fe.protection.use.fossil.skullHelmet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Skull Helmet
fe.protection.use.fossil.skullStick.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Skull Stick
fe.protection.use.fossil.stoneJavelin.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Stone Javelin
fe.protection.use.fossil.stoneTablet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Tablet
fe.protection.use.fossil.terrorBirdMeat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Raw Terror Bird Leg
fe.protection.use.fossil.terrorBirdMeatCooked.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cooked Terror Bird Leg
fe.protection.use.fossil.toothDagger.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tooth Dagger
fe.protection.use.fossil.vertebrae.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Triceratops Vertebrae
fe.protection.use.fossil.whip.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Whip
fe.protection.use.fossil.woodJavelin.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Javelin
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                            # (default: true) USE LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                              # (default: true) USE Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fluix Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                              # (default: true) USE Black Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                              # (default: true) USE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                               # (default: true) USE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                              # (default: true) USE Green Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                         # (default: true) USE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                            # (default: true) USE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                             # (default: true) USE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                                # (default: true) USE Red Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                             # (default: true) USE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                              # (default: true) USE White Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) USE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                                # (default: true) USE Custom Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) USE Acacia Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Birch Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) USE Jungle Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spruce Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                               # (default: true) USE Factory Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Jail Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                            # (default: true) USE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                                # (default: true) USE Rusty Handle
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Saloon Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Shoji Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_boudin.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.ml_boudin.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_brickmould.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.ml_brickmould.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineBoots.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.ml_byzantineBoots.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.ml_byzantineHelmet.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineLegs.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.ml_byzantineLegs.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineMace.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.ml_byzantineMace.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_byzantinePlate.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.ml_byzantinePlate.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineicon.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.ml_byzantineicon.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_cacauhaa.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_cacauhaa.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_calva.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.ml_calva.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_chickencurry.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.ml_chickencurry.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_cider.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.ml_cider.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_ciderapple.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.ml_ciderapple.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_clothes.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.clothes_byz_wool.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_denier.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.ml_denier.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_denier_argent.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.ml_denier_argent.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_denier_or.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.ml_denier_or.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_dwarves_amulet.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.ml_dwarves_amulet.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_feta.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ml_feta.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_ikayaki.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.ml_ikayaki.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_indianstatue.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.ml_indianstatue.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_lamb_cooked.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.ml_lamb_cooked.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_lamb_raw.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_lamb_raw.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_maize.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.ml_maize.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_marchmentComplete.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.ml_marchmentComplete.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_masa.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ml_masa.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_mayanAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_mayanAxe.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_mayanHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_mayanHoe.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_mayanMace.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.ml_mayanMace.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_mayanPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.ml_mayanPickaxe.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_mayanShovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.ml_mayanShovel.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_mayanstatue.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.ml_mayanstatue.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_negationWand.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.ml_negationWand.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_normanAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.ml_normanAxe.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_normanBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.ml_normanBoots.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_normanBroadsword.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.ml_normanBroadsword.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_normanHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.ml_normanHelmet.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_normanHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.ml_normanHoe.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_normanLegs.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.ml_normanLegs.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_normanPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.ml_normanPickaxe.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_normanPlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.ml_normanPlate.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_normanShovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.ml_normanShovel.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_obsidianFlake.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.ml_obsidianFlake.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentBuildings.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentBuildings.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.*                                      # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentItems.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentItems.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.*                                # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.*                                # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentSadhu.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentSadhu.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentVillageScroll.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentVillageScroll.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_parchmentVillagers.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.ml_parchmentVillagers.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_purse.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.ml_purse.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_rasgullaId.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.ml_rasgullaId.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_raven_amulet.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.ml_raven_amulet.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_rice.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ml_rice.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_sake.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ml_sake.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_silk.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ml_silk.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_souvlaki.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_souvlaki.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_taichiSword.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.ml_taichiSword.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_tapestry.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_tapestry.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_tripes.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.ml_tripes.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_turmeric.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_turmeric.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_udon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ml_udon.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_unknownPowder.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.ml_unknownPowder.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_vegcurry.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ml_vegcurry.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_villageWand.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.ml_villageWand.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_vine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ml_vine.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_wah.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.ml_wah.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_wine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ml_wine.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_wine_basic.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.ml_wine_basic.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.name
fe.protection.use.millenaire.item.ml_yumiBow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.ml_yumiBow.name
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemAtomicManipulator.*                                           # (default: true) USE Atomic Manipulator
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBlueprint.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.name.blueprintFusion
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ac.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ag.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.al.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.am.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.as.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.at.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.au.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.b.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ba.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.be.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bh.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bi.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.bk.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.br.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.c.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ca.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cd.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ce.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cf.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cl.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cm.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cn.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.co.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cr.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cs.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.cu.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.db.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.dy.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.er.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.es.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.eu.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.f.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fm.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.fr.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ga.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.gd.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ge.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.h.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.he.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hf.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hg.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ho.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.hs.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.i.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.in.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ir.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.k.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.kr.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.la.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.li.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.lr.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.lu.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.md.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mg.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mn.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mo.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.mt.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.n.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.na.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.nb.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.nd.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ne.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ni.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.no.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.np.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.o.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.os.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.p.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pa.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pb.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pd.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pm.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.po.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pr.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pt.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.pu.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ra.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rb.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.re.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rf.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rg.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rh.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.rn.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ru.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.s.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sb.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sc.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.se.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sg.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.si.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sm.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sn.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.sr.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ta.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tb.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tc.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.te.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.th.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.ti.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tl.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.tm.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.u.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.uut.*                                  # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.v.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.w.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.xe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.y.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.yb.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.zn.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.element.element.zr.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aalc.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.acetate.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.alinine.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.almadine.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumhypophosphite.*             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumoxide.*                     # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.aluminiumphosphate.*                 # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ammonia.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ammonium.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.amphetamine.*                        # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.arginine.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.arsenicoxide.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asbestos.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asparagine.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asparticacid.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.asprin.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.augite.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.beryl.*                              # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.biotite.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.blackpigment.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.blueorgodye.*                        # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.buli.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.butene.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calcicpyroxene.*                     # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calciumcarbonate.*                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.calciumoxide.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.carbonate.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.carbondioxide.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.caulerpenyne.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cellulose.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cesiumhydroxide.*                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.chromate.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.chromite.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cocaine.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cocainehcl.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cucurbitacin.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cyanide.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.cysteine.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ddt.*                                # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.dimethyltryptamine.*                 # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.dota.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ethanol.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fibroin.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fingolimod.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.forsterite.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.franciumhydroxide.*                  # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.fullrene.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.gallicacid.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.galliumarsenide.*                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.galliumoxide.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glucose.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glutamates.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glutamine.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glycine.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.glyphosate.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.greenpigment.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hcl.*                                # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hist.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.histidine.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hperox.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydrogensulfide.*                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydronium.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydroxide.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hydroxylapatite.*                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.hypophosphite.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.iron3oxide.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.ironoxide.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.isoleucine.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.isoprene.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.kaolinite.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.keratin.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.latropine.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lazurite.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lcd.*                                # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.leucine.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lightbluepigment.*                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.limepigment.*                        # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lithiumhydroxide.*                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.lysine.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnesiumcarbonate.*                 # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnesiumoxide.*                     # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.magnetite.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.malicacid.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.memethacrylate.*                     # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.meoh.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mescaline.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.metasilicate.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.metblue.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methamphetamine.*                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methionine.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methyl.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.methylene.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mt.*                                 # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.mycotoxin.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nepheline.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nitrate.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nitrogendioxide.*                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.nodularin.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.noselite.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.oleicacid.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.olivine.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.omphacite.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.orangepigment.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.orthoclase.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pal2.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pantherine.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.penicillin.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.peridot.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.peroxide.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phenylalanine.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phosgene.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.phosphate.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plagioclasealbite.*                  # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plagioclaseanorthite.*               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.plat.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pmma.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.polyisobutylene.*                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.polyvinylchloride.*                  # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumhydroxide.*                 # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumnitrate.*                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.potassiumoxide.*                     # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.proline.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.propane.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.psilocybin.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.purpleorgodye.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.purplepigment.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pyrite.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.pyrope.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.radchlor.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redgarnet.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redorgodye.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.redpigment.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.retinol.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.rubidiumhydroxide.*                  # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.salt.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.serine.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.shikimicacid.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.silicate.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.silicondioxide.*                     # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.siliconoxide.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodalite.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumbisulfate.*                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumhydroxide.*                    # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumoxide.*                        # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sodiumsulfate.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.spessartine.*                        # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.starch.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.strontiumnitrate.*                   # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sucrose.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfate.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfurdioxide.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.sulfuricacid.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.talc.*                               # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tannicacid.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.testosterone.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tetrodotoxin.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.thc.*                                # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.theobromine.*                        # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.threonine.*                          # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tnt.*                                # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.toluene.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.topaz.*                              # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tryptophan.*                         # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.tyrosine.*                           # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.valine.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.vinylchloride.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.weedex.*                             # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.whitepigment.*                       # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.xanax.*                              # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.xylitol.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.yellowpigment.*                      # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemBucket.molecule.molecule.zoisite.*                            # (default: true) USE Chemical Bucket
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemElement.*                                                     # (default: true) USE element.empty
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemJournal.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chemist's Journal
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemMolecule.*                                                    # (default: true) USE molecule.cellulose
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemOpticalMicroscopeLens.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.name.concaveLens
fe.protection.use.minechem.minechemPolytool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Polytool
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                             # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                                # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Furnace Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hopper Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Milk Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                                             # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.mo.android_pill.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Red Pill
fe.protection.use.mo.battery.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.mo.building_base.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Base
fe.protection.use.mo.building_matter_extractor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Matter Extractor
fe.protection.use.mo.building_power_generator.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Power Generator
fe.protection.use.mo.building_residential.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Residential Buildings
fe.protection.use.mo.building_ship_hangar.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ship Hangar
fe.protection.use.mo.contract.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Contract
fe.protection.use.mo.creative_battery.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Creative Battery
fe.protection.use.mo.creative_pattern_drive.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Creative Pattern Drive
fe.protection.use.mo.data_pad.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Data Pad
fe.protection.use.mo.dilithium_crystal.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dilithium Crystal
fe.protection.use.mo.earl_gray_tea.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
fe.protection.use.mo.emergency_ration.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Emergency Ration
fe.protection.use.mo.energy_pack.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Energy Pack
fe.protection.use.mo.forcefield_emitter.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Force Field Emitter
fe.protection.use.mo.h_compensator.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Heisenberg Compensator
fe.protection.use.mo.hc_battery.*                                                                # (default: true) USE High Capacity Battery
fe.protection.use.mo.integration_matrix.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Integration Matrix
fe.protection.use.mo.ion_sniper.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Ion Sniper
fe.protection.use.mo.isolinear_circuit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Isolinear Circuit Mk1
fe.protection.use.mo.machine_casing.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Machine Casing
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_container.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Empty Matter Container
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_container_full.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Full Matter Container
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_dust.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Matter Dust
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_dust_refined.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Refined Matter Dust
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_scanner.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Matter Scanner
fe.protection.use.mo.me_conversion_matrix.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Matter-Energy Conversion Matrix
fe.protection.use.mo.network_flash_drive.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Network Flash Drive
fe.protection.use.mo.omni_tool.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Omni Tool
fe.protection.use.mo.pattern_drive.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Pattern Drive
fe.protection.use.mo.phaser.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE Phaser
fe.protection.use.mo.phaser_rifle.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Phaser Rifle
fe.protection.use.mo.plasma_core.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Plasma Core
fe.protection.use.mo.plasma_shotgun.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Plasma Shotgun
fe.protection.use.mo.romulan_ale.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Romulan Ale
fe.protection.use.mo.rouge_android_part.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Android Head
fe.protection.use.mo.s_magnet.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Superconductor Magnet
fe.protection.use.mo.scout_ship.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Scout Ship
fe.protection.use.mo.security_protocol.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Security Protocol
fe.protection.use.mo.ship_colonizer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Colonizer Ship
fe.protection.use.mo.ship_factory.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ship Factory
fe.protection.use.mo.sniper_scope.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Sniper Scope
fe.protection.use.mo.spacetime_equalizer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Space-Time Equalizer
fe.protection.use.mo.transport_flash_drive.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Transport Flash Drive
fe.protection.use.mo.tritainum_spine.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Spine
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tritanium Axe
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Boots
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tritanium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_dust.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tritanium Helmet
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tritanium Hoe
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Ingot
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tritanium Leggings
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_nugget.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tritanium Nugget
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tritanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_plate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Sword
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_wrench.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tritanium Wrench
fe.protection.use.mo.upgrade.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Upgrade Shell
fe.protection.use.mo.weapon_handle.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Weapon Handle
fe.protection.use.mo.weapon_module_barrel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dilithium Focusing Matrix
fe.protection.use.mo.weapon_module_color.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Color Module (Red)
fe.protection.use.mo.weapon_receiver.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Weapon Receiver
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.blockgun.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Floating Block Gun(Short)
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.carrotgravitizeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carrot(+G)
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.earthstone.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Earth Stone
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.g_arrow.*                                                       # (default: true) USE G-Arrow
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.g_hook.*                                                        # (default: true) USE G-Arrow With Rope
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.g_rapplegun.*                                                   # (default: true) USE G-rappleGun
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.gravitycontroller.*                                             # (default: true) USE GravityController
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.lifesoup.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Primordial Life Soup
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.portablegravity.*                                               # (default: true) USE Portable Gravity
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.potatogravitizeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Potato(+G)
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.seedsgravitized.*                                               # (default: true) USE Seeds(+G)
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.solarwindFan.*                                                  # (default: true) USE SolarWindFan
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.starbed.*                                                       # (default: true) USE StarBed
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.starcontroller.*                                                # (default: true) USE StarController
fe.protection.use.modJ_StarMiner.starcore_dust.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Stardust
fe.protection.use.moskeletons.item.FlameBone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Flame bone
fe.protection.use.moskeletons.item.FrozenBone.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Frozen bone
fe.protection.use.moskeletons.item.MinerHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Miner Helmet
fe.protection.use.moskeletons.item.ObsidianBone.*                                                # (default: true) USE Obsidian Bone
fe.protection.use.moskeletons.item.PirateSword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pirate Sword
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                            # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                            # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                             # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                           # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                             # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                           # (default: true) USE Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                            # (default: true) USE Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                            # (default: true) USE Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                          # (default: true) USE Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                                     # (default: true) USE IO Bus
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                             # (default: true) USE Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                                      # (default: true) USE Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                           # (default: true) USE Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.use.props.clay.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Red Crafting Clay
fe.protection.use.props.props.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Stuffed Creeper
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.artifactGenerationTag.*                                             # (default: true) USE Artifact Generation Tag
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.blockSelector.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Block Selector
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.blockSelectorFloating.*                                             # (default: true) USE Floating Block Selector
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.bookGenerationTag.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Book Generation Tag
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.inventoryGenerationSingleTag.*                                      # (default: true) USE Single Item Generation Tag
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.inventoryGenerationTag.*                                            # (default: true) USE Inventory Generation Tag
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.inventory_generation_component_tag.*                                # (default: true) USE Item Generation Component Tag
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.advanced_chainsaw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.advanced_drill.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Advanced Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.basic_chainsaw.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Basic Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.basic_drill.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Basic Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.flux_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Flux Hoe
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.flux_infused_crusher.*                                                # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Crusher
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.hardened_chainsaw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hardened Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.hardened_drill.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hardened Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.leadstone_chainsaw.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Leadstone Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.leadstone_drill.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Leadstone Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.motor_eio.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Basic Motor
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.motor_te.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Leadstone Motor
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.redstone_chainsaw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.redstone_drill.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Redstone Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.resonant_chainsaw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Resonant Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.resonant_drill.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Resonant Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.sj_replacement.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dark Soularium
fe.protection.use.rfdrills.soul_crusher.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dark Soularium Crusher
fe.protection.use.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.use.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blindness Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Button Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Charged Porter
fe.protection.use.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Clock Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Computer Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Counter Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Developers Delight
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dimension Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dimlet Template
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.use.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.use.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Energy Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Flight Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fluid Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Haste Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Infused Diamond
fe.protection.use.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inventory Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                          # (default: true) USE <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.use.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Machine Information Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.use.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.use.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Night Vision Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Orphaning Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Peace Essence
fe.protection.use.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Peaceful Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.use.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Poison Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.use.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Regeneration Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.use.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE RFTools Manual
fe.protection.use.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Saturation Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Security Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Shape Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Shard Wand
fe.protection.use.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Slowness Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Smart Wrench
fe.protection.use.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Speed Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.use.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.use.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE unknown.name
fe.protection.use.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Syringe
fe.protection.use.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.use.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Text Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.use.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Weakness Module
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.armorPlatings.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.simplyjetpacks.armorPlatings.name
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.components.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Leather Strap
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.fluxpacks.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.simplyjetpacks.pack.te.name
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.fluxpacksCommon.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.simplyjetpacks.pack.name
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.jetpackFueller.*                                                # (default: true) USE Jetpack Fueller
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.jetpacks.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.simplyjetpacks.pack.te.name
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.jetpacksCommon.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tuberous Jetpack
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.mysteriousPotato.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mysterious Potato
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.particleCustomizers.*                                           # (default: true) USE Particle Customizer (Default)
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.acidbucket.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bucket of Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.hook.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Hook
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.hookBullet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hook Bullet
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.lightningfirework.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lightning rocket
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.zettaindustries.fakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.null.name
